source/blog/2018-08-24-the-ember-times-issue-61.md, before:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. XX
author: the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2018
alias : "blog/xxxx/xx/xx-the-ember-times-issue-XX.html"
responsive: true
---

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

Read either on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html) or in our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/) what has been going on in Emberland this week.

<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [Jazz Up Your Tags with Modifiers ✨](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/353)

A new **Request for Comments (RFC)** might bring new life to your HTML tags:
The [proposal for Modifiers](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/blob/new-modifiers/text/0000-modifiers.md) presents a possible future API for components in Ember which allows to
add custom behaviour, like event listeners or styles, to DOM nodes in your components. **Reliable access to DOM nodes** will be guaranteed by the means of these **element modifiers**, alleviating issues with the `outerHTML` semantics [mentioned in the `this.bounds` RFC](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/351#issuecomment-412123046) which proposed a new way of accessing the root element of future Ember components.

This **RFC is a successor** of the previous [RFC#111: Element Modifiers](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/112) and aims to bring many of the previously mentioned ideas back into discussion.

Be sure to [read the original proposal over at Github](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/353) and share your thoughts and questions in [the comments for the RFC's pull request](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/353).


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---


## [Contributors' Corner](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories 💖!</p>

---

## [Readers' Questions: "Why does Ember use Broccoli and how is it different from Webpack, Rollup, Parcel?"](#url-to-be-updated)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>The JavaScript ecosystem is full of <strong>bundlers</strong>, like Webpack, Rollup.js, Microbundle among others. But what differentiates one from the other? And what makes Broccoli so special to be part of Ember's build pipeline?</p>

<p>In this week's Readers' Question, Ember Learning Core team member <a href="https://github.com/jessica-jordan" target="jj">@jessica-jordan</a> will highlight the <strong>differences</strong> between some of the most <strong>popular JavaScript bundlers</strong> and explain why Ember CLI embraced <strong>Broccoli</strong> as its tool of choice early on. You can read her <a href="#url-to-be-updated" target="rq">full answer on the official Ember Forum.</a></p>

<p><a class="ember-button" href="#url-to-be-updated" target="rq">Read more</a></p>
<br/>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#topic-embertimes](https://embercommunity.slack.com/messages/C8P6UPWNN/) on Slack or tweet us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

---


That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

the crowd and the Learning Team

Commit message:

Adds ember-truth-helpers section to the times

source/blog/2018-08-24-the-ember-times-issue-61.md, after:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. XX
author: the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2018
alias : "blog/xxxx/xx/xx-the-ember-times-issue-XX.html"
responsive: true
---

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

Read either on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html) or in our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/) what has been going on in Emberland this week.

<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [Jazz Up Your Tags with Modifiers ✨](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/353)

A new **Request for Comments (RFC)** might bring new life to your HTML tags:
The [proposal for Modifiers](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/blob/new-modifiers/text/0000-modifiers.md) presents a possible future API for components in Ember which allows to
add custom behaviour, like event listeners or styles, to DOM nodes in your components. **Reliable access to DOM nodes** will be guaranteed by the means of these **element modifiers**, alleviating issues with the `outerHTML` semantics [mentioned in the `this.bounds` RFC](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/351#issuecomment-412123046) which proposed a new way of accessing the root element of future Ember components.

This **RFC is a successor** of the previous [RFC#111: Element Modifiers](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/112) and aims to bring many of the previously mentioned ideas back into discussion.

Be sure to [read the original proposal over at Github](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/353) and share your thoughts and questions in [the comments for the RFC's pull request](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/353).


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [Ember-Truth-Helpers was updated 🙌](https://github.com/jmurphyau/ember-truth-helpers)

`Ember-truth-helpers` is an Ember addon that provides helpers for truth logic in if and unless statements.

On the new version `v2.1.0`, [@jmurphyau](https://github.com/jmurphyau) has added the `is-empty` helper to the library. 🎉

This will make our lives easier when checking for empty values in our templates.

You can have closer look at the change [here](https://github.com/jmurphyau/ember-truth-helpers/commit/cd4147e4ed76dfc5cf585ea87c6e08fcf99b7e16) 👀

---

## [Contributors' Corner](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories 💖!</p>

---

## [Readers' Questions: "Why does Ember use Broccoli and how is it different from Webpack, Rollup, Parcel?"](#url-to-be-updated)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>The JavaScript ecosystem is full of <strong>bundlers</strong>, like Webpack, Rollup.js, Microbundle among others. But what differentiates one from the other? And what makes Broccoli so special to be part of Ember's build pipeline?</p>

<p>In this week's Readers' Question, Ember Learning Core team member <a href="https://github.com/jessica-jordan" target="jj">@jessica-jordan</a> will highlight the <strong>differences</strong> between some of the most <strong>popular JavaScript bundlers</strong> and explain why Ember CLI embraced <strong>Broccoli</strong> as its tool of choice early on. You can read her <a href="#url-to-be-updated" target="rq">full answer on the official Ember Forum.</a></p>

<p><a class="ember-button" href="#url-to-be-updated" target="rq">Read more</a></p>
<br/>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#topic-embertimes](https://embercommunity.slack.com/messages/C8P6UPWNN/) on Slack or tweet us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

---


That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

the crowd and the Learning Team
