source/blog/2018-06-15-the-emberjs-times-issue-51.md, before:

---
title: The Ember.js Times - Issue No. 51
author: the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, 2018
alias : "blog/2018/06/15/the-emberjs-times-issue-51.html"
responsive: true
---

... Emberistas! 🐹

Read either on the [Ember blog](https://www.emberjs.com/blog/2018/06/15/the-emberjs-times-issue-51.html) or in our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/2018/06/15/issue-51) what has been going on in Emberland this week.
We have a couple of **fresh 🥒 Ember RFCs** (Request for Comments) in for you
...
---

## [New release of Ember Twiddle](https://ember-twiddle.com)

Ember Twiddle v0.14.0 was released on Monday June 4. It includes support for Ember 2.18, Babel 6, and new module imports.
The entire [changelog](https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-twiddle/releases/tag/v0.14.0) shows all the work that has gone into this.
The next version is also being worked on, supporting Ember 3.0 - Ember 3.2.
You can test that out now at [canary.ember-twiddle.com](https://canary.ember-twiddle.com).
Ember Twiddle is a playground website for developing small Ember applications backed by Github gists.

## [Is Your Components Not Pointy Enough?](https://github.com/rwjblue/ember-angle-bracket-invocation-polyfill)
[ember-angle-bracket-invocation-polyfill](https://github.com/rwjblue/ember-angle-bracket-invocation-polyfill) provides a polyfill for angle bracket invocation syntax as described in [RFC 311](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/311).  It includes features such as invoking components via angle brackets using TitleCase, self-closing syntax, paths and much more.

If you’re interested in using this the best documentation is in the RFC itself.

## [It's visibly time to deprecate isVisible 👀](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/324)
A new RFC has been posted on deprecating `Component#isVisible`. The motivation is related to the confusion associated to setting the isVisible property on a component. Also, modern Ember applications are already avoiding using isVisible in favor of simpler conditionals in the template. Given that `Component#isVisible` is a public API, deprecating now would schedule for removal in the next major version release (4.0). 

No sweat, other options are still available to hide elements, such as:

- `<div hidden={{boolean}}></div>`
- Wrapping the component in a template conditional `{{#if}}` statement. 
- Using the Component's `classNames` and `classNameBindings`

A heads-up that this RFC has entered the FCP (Final Comment Period), so this week might be your last chance to comment on it!

---

## [Back To the Future](https://github.com/rwjblue/ember-named-arguments-polyfill)
Another polyfill that is now available is [ember-named-arguments-polyfill](https://github.com/rwjblue/ember-named-arguments-polyfill) which polyfills the named arguments feature to work for Ember 2.10+.

This is helpful for add-on authors who want to leverage the named arguments feature for a cleaner template. So, components receiving an argument named `foo` can now do:
`{{@foo}}`. This allows you to easily distinguish arguments from local variables, computed properties and such.

Named arguments already landed in [Ember 3.1](https://www.emberjs.com/blog/2018/04/13/ember-3-1-released.html#toc_named-arguments-1-of-4) so this polyfill is for everyone who didn't upgrade but still want the feature.

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)

---

## [Contributors' Corner](https://guides.emberjs.com/v3.1.0/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank ...
</p>

---

## [Readers' Questions: ??? 🤓](question-url)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>...</p>
</div>

<div class="blog-row">
  <a class="ember-button" href="#">Read more</a>
</div>

<div class="blog-row">
  <p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> at <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>
</div>

## [The Ember.js Times is What We Make It](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/)

The Ember.js Times is a weekly news editorial featuring all the new things that are going on in Emberland.
[Subscribe to our e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/) to get the next edition right into your inbox.
If you ❤️ what you're reading and you feel like a writer at heart,
drop by [#topic-embertimes](https://embercommunity.slack.com/messages/C8P6UPWNN/convo/C4TD5JJ7R-1497022015.688894/) on the Ember Community Slack Chat to join the discussion or even become the co-author of a future edition!


---


That's another wrap!  ✨

Be kind,

the crowd and the Learning Team

Commit message:

blog(embertimes#51): add section on future of Ember

source/blog/2018-06-15-the-emberjs-times-issue-51.md, after:

---
title: The Ember.js Times - Issue No. 51
author: the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, 2018
alias : "blog/2018/06/15/the-emberjs-times-issue-51.html"
responsive: true
---

... Emberistas! 🐹

Read either on the [Ember blog](https://www.emberjs.com/blog/2018/06/15/the-emberjs-times-issue-51.html) or in our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/2018/06/15/issue-51) what has been going on in Emberland this week.
We have a couple of **fresh 🥒 Ember RFCs** (Request for Comments) in for you
...
---

## [New release of Ember Twiddle](https://ember-twiddle.com)

Ember Twiddle v0.14.0 was released on Monday June 4. It includes support for Ember 2.18, Babel 6, and new module imports.
The entire [changelog](https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-twiddle/releases/tag/v0.14.0) shows all the work that has gone into this.
The next version is also being worked on, supporting Ember 3.0 - Ember 3.2.
You can test that out now at [canary.ember-twiddle.com](https://canary.ember-twiddle.com).
Ember Twiddle is a playground website for developing small Ember applications backed by Github gists.

## [Is Your Components Not Pointy Enough?](https://github.com/rwjblue/ember-angle-bracket-invocation-polyfill)
[ember-angle-bracket-invocation-polyfill](https://github.com/rwjblue/ember-angle-bracket-invocation-polyfill) provides a polyfill for angle bracket invocation syntax as described in [RFC 311](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/311).  It includes features such as invoking components via angle brackets using TitleCase, self-closing syntax, paths and much more.

If you’re interested in using this the best documentation is in the RFC itself.

## [It's visibly time to deprecate isVisible 👀](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/324)
A new RFC has been posted on deprecating `Component#isVisible`. The motivation is related to the confusion associated to setting the isVisible property on a component. Also, modern Ember applications are already avoiding using isVisible in favor of simpler conditionals in the template. Given that `Component#isVisible` is a public API, deprecating now would schedule for removal in the next major version release (4.0). 

No sweat, other options are still available to hide elements, such as:

- `<div hidden={{boolean}}></div>`
- Wrapping the component in a template conditional `{{#if}}` statement. 
- Using the Component's `classNames` and `classNameBindings`

A heads-up that this RFC has entered the FCP (Final Comment Period), so this week might be your last chance to comment on it!

---

## [Back To the Future](https://github.com/rwjblue/ember-named-arguments-polyfill)
Another polyfill that is now available is [ember-named-arguments-polyfill](https://github.com/rwjblue/ember-named-arguments-polyfill) which polyfills the named arguments feature to work for Ember 2.10+.

This is helpful for add-on authors who want to leverage the named arguments feature for a cleaner template. So, components receiving an argument named `foo` can now do:
`{{@foo}}`. This allows you to easily distinguish arguments from local variables, computed properties and such.

Named arguments already landed in [Ember 3.1](https://www.emberjs.com/blog/2018/04/13/ember-3-1-released.html#toc_named-arguments-1-of-4) so this polyfill is for everyone who didn't upgrade but still want the feature.

---

## [The Future of Ember is now](https://blog.usejournal.com/emberjs2018-my-safari-into-the-future-e4f31a4902ea)

Quite recently **a plethora of RFCs (Request for Comments)** proposed ground-breaking, **new
features** for Ember. These included the proposals for [ES5 Getters](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/blob/master/text/0281-es5-getters.md) and [named arguments for Components](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/blob/master/text/0276-named-args.md) which already found their way into the **previous 3.1 release** in a [stable fashion](https://www.emberjs.com/blog/2018/04/13/ember-3-1-released.html#toc_changes-in-ember-js-3-1).
But what about all the other cool things that we mentioned in previous editions of the Ember Times?
When are all of these proposal finally gonna land?

Features which haven't found their way into a stable release and have not been recommended by the [official Guides](https://github.com/ember-learn/guides-app) yet,
might in fact have landed already. Like a hidden gem they just sit there for a while, only noticed by a few,
but still ready to be tested and improved until they make it into a stable release.
And so it seems some of the most exciting API changes in Ember this year have still **gone unnoticed**:
But [AngleBracketComponents](#toc_a-href-https-github-com-rwjblue-ember-angle-bracket-invocation-polyfill-is-your-components-not-pointy-enough-a),
ES6 Classes, the new folder structure à la Module Unification and even Glimmer Components can be used in Ember apps today -
with a little help from feature flags, canary releases and the Ember addon ecosystem.

But **how** do you make the future of Ember happen in your apps today? If you're wondering about that, check out [this excellent How-To](https://blog.usejournal.com/emberjs2018-my-safari-into-the-future-e4f31a4902ea) by [@chrism](https://github.com/chrism/),
a **step-by-step guide** for those who want to **try out the future of Ember** in their applications.
Because you don't have to wait for the future of Ember until another day; the future of Ember is **now**.

<a class="ember-button ember-button--centered" href="https://blog.usejournal.com/emberjs2018-my-safari-into-the-future-e4f31a4902ea" target="futureofember">Try out the Future of Ember</a>

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)

---

## [Contributors' Corner](https://guides.emberjs.com/v3.1.0/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank ...
</p>

---

## [Readers' Questions: ??? 🤓](question-url)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>...</p>
</div>

<div class="blog-row">
  <a class="ember-button" href="#">Read more</a>
</div>

<div class="blog-row">
  <p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> at <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>
</div>

## [The Ember.js Times is What We Make It](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/)

The Ember.js Times is a weekly news editorial featuring all the new things that are going on in Emberland.
[Subscribe to our e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/) to get the next edition right into your inbox.
If you ❤️ what you're reading and you feel like a writer at heart,
drop by [#topic-embertimes](https://embercommunity.slack.com/messages/C8P6UPWNN/convo/C4TD5JJ7R-1497022015.688894/) on the Ember Community Slack Chat to join the discussion or even become the co-author of a future edition!


---


That's another wrap!  ✨

Be kind,

the crowd and the Learning Team
