source/blog/2018-08-03-the-ember-times-issue-58.md, before:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 58
author: the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2018
alias : "blog/2018/08/03-the-ember-times-issue-58.html"
responsive: true
---

nuqneH Emberistas! 🐹

Read either on the [Ember blog](https://www.emberjs.com/blog/2018/07/13/the-ember-times-issue-56.html) or in our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/2018/07/13/the-ember-times-issue-56) what has been going on in Emberland this week.

...

Check out what's been going in Emberland 🐹 these days:


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [Ember-toggle updated 🛠](https://github.com/knownasilya/ember-toggle/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#530-2018-07-31)

The accessibilty on [ember-toggle](https://github.com/knownasilya/ember-toggle) has stepped up.

According to its changelog, the new version [5.3.0](https://github.com/knownasilya/ember-toggle/compare/v5.2.4...v5.3.0) was released last Tuesday, making it possible to use the spacebar to change the state of the toggle once highlighted.

Awesome news! We love Ember addons. 🐹 ❤️ 📦 

---

## [A Special Thank You For All Your Efforts 🙇](https://github.com/ember-learn)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-left transparent" alt="" title="Ember Style Guide Docs" src="/images/blog/emberjstimes/styleguide-docs-screenshot.png" />
</div>

Even though we're already trying to highlight the amazing and consistent efforts of community contributors 
in our weekly **Contributors' Corner**, we'd like to take the time to say a special thank you
to a couple of ambitious contributors to learning resources specifically:

We're grateful for all the outstanding contributions [@hakilebara](https://github.com/hakilebara) made to learning resources
recently. This included a [from-the-scratch setup](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-styleguide/pull/76) of the [ember-styleguide](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-styleguide) docs and [improvements to the offical Guides](https://github.com/ember-learn/guides-source/pull/112).

We also appreciate all the efforts by [@sivakumar-kailasam](https://github.com/sivakumar-kailasam) and [@toddjordan](https://github.com/toddjordan)
to fix missing modules, upgrade and improve the Ember API Docs these days ([1](https://github.com/ember-learn/algolia-index-update-scripts/pull/4), [2](https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js/pull/16836), [3](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-jsonapi-docs/commits?author=sivakumar-kailasam&since=2018-06-30T22:00:00Z&until=2018-07-31T22:00:00Z)).

Thank you for all your work! ❤️

---

## [Contributors' Corner](https://guides.emberjs.com/v3.2.0/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our parents for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💕
</p>

---

## [Got a question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [The Ember Times is What We Make It 🙌](https://embercommunity.slack.com/messages/C8P6UPWNN/)

The **Ember Times** is a **weekly news editorial** featuring all the new things that are going on in Emberland.
[Subscribe to our e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/) to get the next edition **right to your inbox**.
And if you've always wanted to be an OSS journalist yourself,
drop by [#topic-embertimes](https://embercommunity.slack.com/messages/C8P6UPWNN/)
on the Ember Community [Slack Chat](https://ember-community-slackin.herokuapp.com/)
and **write** the next edition of the Ember Times **together with us**!


---


That's another wrap!  ✨

Be kind,

the crowd and the Learning Team

Commit message:

Add section about homepage survey (#3484)

source/blog/2018-08-03-the-ember-times-issue-58.md, after:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 58
author: the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2018
alias : "blog/2018/08/03-the-ember-times-issue-58.html"
responsive: true
---

nuqneH Emberistas! 🐹

Read either on the [Ember blog](https://www.emberjs.com/blog/2018/07/13/the-ember-times-issue-56.html) or in our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/2018/07/13/the-ember-times-issue-56) what has been going on in Emberland this week.

...

Check out what's been going in Emberland 🐹 these days:


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [Ember Homepage survey](https://www.emberjs.com/blog/2018/07/30/ember-homepage-survey.html)

We're redesigning emberjs.com and we need your help.

We want to find out what makes you continue to use Ember in a world full of alternatives, so we can better communicate Ember's value proposition to others who might find similar success.

By taking a few minutes to [answer these questions](https://www.emberjs.com/homepage-survey), you can help influence the messaging behind Ember's future homepage and any other marketing materials we create.

---

## [Ember-toggle updated 🛠](https://github.com/knownasilya/ember-toggle/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#530-2018-07-31)

The accessibilty on [ember-toggle](https://github.com/knownasilya/ember-toggle) has stepped up.

According to its changelog, the new version [5.3.0](https://github.com/knownasilya/ember-toggle/compare/v5.2.4...v5.3.0) was released last Tuesday, making it possible to use the spacebar to change the state of the toggle once highlighted.

Awesome news! We love Ember addons. 🐹 ❤️ 📦

---

## [A Special Thank You For All Your Efforts 🙇](https://github.com/ember-learn)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-left transparent" alt="" title="Ember Style Guide Docs" src="/images/blog/emberjstimes/styleguide-docs-screenshot.png" />
</div>

Even though we're already trying to highlight the amazing and consistent efforts of community contributors
in our weekly **Contributors' Corner**, we'd like to take the time to say a special thank you
to a couple of ambitious contributors to learning resources specifically:

We're grateful for all the outstanding contributions [@hakilebara](https://github.com/hakilebara) made to learning resources
recently. This included a [from-the-scratch setup](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-styleguide/pull/76) of the [ember-styleguide](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-styleguide) docs and [improvements to the offical Guides](https://github.com/ember-learn/guides-source/pull/112).

We also appreciate all the efforts by [@sivakumar-kailasam](https://github.com/sivakumar-kailasam) and [@toddjordan](https://github.com/toddjordan)
to fix missing modules, upgrade and improve the Ember API Docs these days ([1](https://github.com/ember-learn/algolia-index-update-scripts/pull/4), [2](https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js/pull/16836), [3](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-jsonapi-docs/commits?author=sivakumar-kailasam&since=2018-06-30T22:00:00Z&until=2018-07-31T22:00:00Z)).

Thank you for all your work! ❤️

---

## [Contributors' Corner](https://guides.emberjs.com/v3.2.0/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our parents for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💕
</p>

---

## [Got a question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [The Ember Times is What We Make It 🙌](https://embercommunity.slack.com/messages/C8P6UPWNN/)

The **Ember Times** is a **weekly news editorial** featuring all the new things that are going on in Emberland.
[Subscribe to our e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/) to get the next edition **right to your inbox**.
And if you've always wanted to be an OSS journalist yourself,
drop by [#topic-embertimes](https://embercommunity.slack.com/messages/C8P6UPWNN/)
on the Ember Community [Slack Chat](https://ember-community-slackin.herokuapp.com/)
and **write** the next edition of the Ember Times **together with us**!


---


That's another wrap!  ✨

Be kind,

the crowd and the Learning Team
