source/blog/2018-07-27-the-ember-times-issue-57.md, before:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 57
author: Kenneth Larsen, Amy Lam, Miguel Braga Gomes, Ryan Mark, Jessica Jordan, Alon Bukai
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2018
alias : "blog/2018/07/27-the-ember-times-issue-56.html"
responsive: true
---

Ia orana Emberistas! 🐹

Read either on the [Ember blog](https://www.emberjs.com/blog/2018/07/27/the-ember-times-issue-57.html) or in our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/2018/07/27/issue-57) what has been going on in Emberland this week.

---

## [SECTION]()


---

## [SECTION]()


---

## [SECTION]()


---

## [SECTION]()


---

## [Contributors' Corner](https://guides.emberjs.com/v3.2.0/contributing/repositories/)

---

## [Got a question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

Have a suggestion for next week's Ember Times? Want to write for us? Pop into [#topic-embertimes](https://embercommunity.slack.com/messages/C8P6UPWNN/)
on the Ember Community [Slack](https://ember-community-slackin.herokuapp.com/) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

---


That's another wrap!  ✨

Be kind,

Kenneth Larsen, Amy Lam, Miguel Braga Gomes, Ryan Mark, Jessica Jordan, Alon Bukai and the Learning Team

Commit message:

Update 2018-07-27-the-ember-times-issue-57.md (#3472)
## What it does
Adds single word angle bracket components section to Ember Times

source/blog/2018-07-27-the-ember-times-issue-57.md, after:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 57
author: Kenneth Larsen, Amy Lam, Miguel Braga Gomes, Ryan Mark, Jessica Jordan, Alon Bukai
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2018
alias : "blog/2018/07/27-the-ember-times-issue-56.html"
responsive: true
---

Ia orana Emberistas! 🐹

Read either on the [Ember blog](https://www.emberjs.com/blog/2018/07/27/the-ember-times-issue-57.html) or in our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/2018/07/27/issue-57) what has been going on in Emberland this week.

---

## [Pointy single word components available 👈](https://github.com/rwjblue/ember-angle-bracket-invocation-polyfill)

Since last Monday single word component names are now possible with the **angle bracket invocation syntax**.

Invoking components via angle brackets was already available, the novelty is that you can now use this syntax with single word components as well.

For example, the polyfil supports components names such as `<Button>`, `<Modal>` and `<Tab>`.

To find out more, check out the relevant RFC section [here](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/blob/master/text/0311-angle-bracket-invocation.md#tag-name)

---

## [SECTION]()


---

## [SECTION]()


---

## [SECTION]()


---

## [Contributors' Corner](https://guides.emberjs.com/v3.2.0/contributing/repositories/)

---

## [Got a question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

Have a suggestion for next week's Ember Times? Want to write for us? Pop into [#topic-embertimes](https://embercommunity.slack.com/messages/C8P6UPWNN/)
on the Ember Community [Slack](https://ember-community-slackin.herokuapp.com/) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

---


That's another wrap!  ✨

Be kind,

Kenneth Larsen, Amy Lam, Miguel Braga Gomes, Ryan Mark, Jessica Jordan, Alon Bukai and the Learning Team
