source/blog/2018-09-14-the-ember-times-issue-64.md, before:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. XX
author: the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2018
alias : "blog/xxxx/xx/xx-the-ember-times-issue-XX.html"
responsive: true
---

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---


## [Contributors' Corner](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories 💖!</p>

---

## [Got a question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at #support-ember-times on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

---


That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

the crowd and the Learning Team

Commit message:

For Ember Times No. 64: Ember Data RFC, Discord, Contributors' Corner (#3559)
<!--- Make sure to add a descriptive title in the field above! E.g. "Fixes the header title color on the homepage"  -->

## What it does
<!--- Tell us what this fix does in a few sentences. E.g. "This updates the header title's font color to Ember Orange." -->

## Related Issue(s)
<!--- Please provide the issue(s) to which this pull request relates to or which issue it closes. E.g. "Closes #1234" -->

## Sources
<!-- Optional. If applicable be sure to add any screenshots or screen recordings of your work for your reviewers here -->

source/blog/2018-09-14-the-ember-times-issue-64.md, after:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 64
author: the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2018
alias : "blog/2018/09/14-the-ember-times-issue-64.html"
responsive: true
---

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>

---

## [Everyone's Moved! 📦 Meet Your Ember 🐹 Friends On Discord 🗣](https://discord.gg/zT3asNS)

It's done! 👌 The **community chat has** finally **moved** over to [Discord](https://discordapp.com/)!
Even more **modern** than _IRC_ and _ICQ_ combined, you can now chat with other Emberistas from all around the globe in many different topic channels with **unlimited message history** 💌✨.

[Join today](https://discord.gg/zT3asNS)) and be sure to get setup as described in the `#setup-profile` channel. To start chatting, request the _community-member_ role in `#discord-server-admin`, so the undaunted org admins can make sure THAT YOU ARE NOT A BOT BUT A REAL HUMAN JUST LIKE US HA-HA 🤖.

---

## [A Public Factory 🏭 For Your Models ](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/372)

A brand-new 🔥 **Request For Comments (RFC)** makes addon authors' and Ember power users' 💪 hearts ♡ leap for joy:
The previously [deprecated Ember Data `store` method `modelFactoryFor`](https://github.com/emberjs/data/blob/v3.3.1/addon/-private/system/store.js#L2083) is making its comeback as an official, **public API**.
This new public method will allow users to provide any kind of `ModelClass` (and not only the default `DS.Model` provided by Ember Data) to applications if needed.

Curious? [**Read the full proposal**](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/372) and leave your questions and suggestions in the comments below!

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---


## [Contributors' Corner](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank <a href="https://github.com/locks" target="gh-user">@locks</a>, <a href="https://github.com/mike-north" target="gh-user">@mike-north</a>, <a href="https://github.com/IzzatN" target="gh-user">@IzzatN</a>, <a href="https://github.com/rwwagner90" target="gh-user">@rwwagner90</a>, <a href="https://github.com/kennethlarsen" target="gh-user">@kennethlarsen</a>, <a href="https://github.com/amyrlam" target="gh-user">@amyrlam</a>, <a href="https://github.com/jessica-jordan" target="gh-user">@jessica-jordan</a>, <a href="https://github.com/dcyriller" target="gh-user">@dcyriller</a>, <a href="https://github.com/nathanhammond" target="gh-user">@nathanhammond</a>, <a href="https://github.com/runspired" target="gh-user">@runspired</a>, <a href="https://github.com/nlfurniss" target="gh-user">@nlfurniss</a>, <a href="https://github.com/thorsteinsson" target="gh-user">@thorsteinsson</a>, <a href="https://github.com/pzuraq" target="gh-user">@pzuraq</a>, <a href="https://github.com/Gaurav0" target="gh-user">@Gaurav0</a>, <a href="https://github.com/rwjblue" target="gh-user">@rwjblue</a>, <a href="https://github.com/twokul" target="gh-user">@twokul</a>, <a href="https://github.com/dnalagatla" target="gh-user">@dnalagatla</a>, <a href="https://github.com/kategengler" target="gh-user">@kategengler</a>, <a href="https://github.com/ryanto" target="gh-user">@ryanto</a>, <a href="https://github.com/22a" target="gh-user">@22a</a>, <a href="https://github.com/Kerrick" target="gh-user">@Kerrick</a>, <a href="https://github.com/ppcano" target="gh-user">@ppcano</a>, <a href="https://github.com/thereR4lights" target="gh-user">@thereR4lights</a> and <a href="https://github.com/dependabot[bot]" target="gh-user">@dependabot[bot]</a>
for their contributions to Ember and related repositories 💖!</p>

---

## [Got a question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at #support-ember-times on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

---


That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

the crowd and the Learning Team
