source/blog/2018-05-04-the-emberjs-times-issue-45.md, before:

---
title: The Ember.js Times - Issue No. 45
author: all the people
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times
alias : "blog/2018/05/04/the-emberjs-times-issue-44.html"
responsive: true
---

Hey there Emberistas!

...

Here's a recap of what happened in Emberland these days ✨

---

## [EMBER](your-main-url-here)

<a class="ember-button ember-button--centered" href="#your-main-url-here">Read more</a>

---

## [BROCCOLI JS TUTORIAL TITLE HERE](your-main-url-here)

...

---

## [EMBER DATA TITLE HERE](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/329)

mention final comment period of this RFC: https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/326
and also this new RFC: https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/329
here

---

## [JEN'S BLOG POST ON ](your-main-url-here)

...

---

## [Learning Team Corner](your-main-url-here)

---


## [Contributor's Corner](https://guides.emberjs.com/v3.1.0/contributing/repositories/)

...

---

## [More Questions & more Answers for Readers' Questions](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />
</div>


**Submit your own** short and sweet **question** under [bit.ly/ask-ember-core](https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core). And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞

---

That's another wrap!  ✨

Be kind,

all the people

Commit message:

Added small section on the broccoli tutorial

source/blog/2018-05-04-the-emberjs-times-issue-45.md, after:

---
title: The Ember.js Times - Issue No. 45
author: all the people
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times
alias : "blog/2018/05/04/the-emberjs-times-issue-44.html"
responsive: true
---

Hey there Emberistas!

...

Here's a recap of what happened in Emberland these days ✨

---

## [EMBER](your-main-url-here)

<a class="ember-button ember-button--centered" href="#your-main-url-here">Read more</a>

---

## [Listen to your Broccoli and it will tell you how to eat it](your-main-url-here)

You might already know that Broccoli takes care of your asset pipeline. But do you know **how** it works? [Oli Griffiths](https://twitter.com/oligriffiths) has made an [amazing tutorial](http://www.oligriffiths.com/broccolijs/) on *the asset pipeline for ambitious applications*. It takes you through the basic setup and guide you through the journey of sass preprocessing, debugging and fingerprints.



---

## [EMBER DATA TITLE HERE](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/329)

mention final comment period of this RFC: https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/326
and also this new RFC: https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/329
here

---

## [JEN'S BLOG POST ON ](your-main-url-here)

...

---

## [Learning Team Corner](your-main-url-here)

---


## [Contributor's Corner](https://guides.emberjs.com/v3.1.0/contributing/repositories/)

...

---

## [More Questions & more Answers for Readers' Questions](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />
</div>


**Submit your own** short and sweet **question** under [bit.ly/ask-ember-core](https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core). And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞

---

That's another wrap!  ✨

Be kind,

all the people
