source/blog/2018-08-10-the-ember-times-issue-59.md, before:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. XX
author: the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2018
alias : "blog/xxxx/xx/xx-the-ember-times-issue-XX.html"
responsive: true
---

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

Read either on the [Ember blog](https://www.emberjs.com/blog/xxxx/xx/xx/the-ember-times-issue-XX.html) or in our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/xxxx/xx/xx/issue-XX) what has been going on in Emberland this week.

<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---


## [Contributors' Corner](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories 💖!</p>

---

## [Got a question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#topic-embertimes](https://embercommunity.slack.com/messages/C8P6UPWNN/) on Slack or tweet us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

---


That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

the crowd and the Learning Team

Commit message:

blog(embertimes59): A Framework for Ambitious Chrome Extensions (#3493)
How Esteban used Ember to create Chrome Extensions by combining multiple addons from around the community.

## What it does
Summarizes the blog post for The Ember Times

## Sources
A Framework for Ambitious Chrome Extensions: https://envoy.engineering/a-framework-for-ambitious-chrome-extensions-b08d1f4b944d

source/blog/2018-08-10-the-ember-times-issue-59.md, after:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. XX
author: the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2018
alias : "blog/xxxx/xx/xx-the-ember-times-issue-XX.html"
responsive: true
---

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

Read either on the [Ember blog](https://www.emberjs.com/blog/xxxx/xx/xx/the-ember-times-issue-XX.html) or in our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/xxxx/xx/xx/issue-XX) what has been going on in Emberland this week.

<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>

---

## [A framework for ambitious Chrome Extensions ⚙](https://envoy.engineering/a-framework-for-ambitious-chrome-extensions-b08d1f4b944d)

[Esteban](https://github.com/esbanarango) wrote an article on how he used Ember to create Chrome Extensions by combining multiple addons from around the community. He found a ton of of great _starter_ and _boilerplate_ projects on [GitHub](www.github.com) and identified some key [ember-cli](https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-cli) projects that make working with [Chrome’s Extension API](https://developer.chrome.com/extensions/api_index) much easier.

Specifically, Esteban mentions 3 ember-cli addons: [ember-cli-deploy-chrome-app](https://github.com/rmachielse/ember-cli-deploy-chrome-app), [ember-cli-post-build-copy](https://github.com/tgsoverly/ember-cli-post-build-copy), and [ember-cli-concat](https://github.com/sir-dunxalot/ember-cli-concat) that was instrumental in creating ambitious Chrome Extensions using Ember. He leveraged [ember-concurrency](https://github.com/machty/ember-concurrency) ([or you can use ember-lifeline](https://discuss.emberjs.com/t/readers-questions-whats-the-difference-between-ember-lifeline-and-ember-concurrency-and-which-one-should-be-used/15197)) to deal with the callback design structure API that Chrome provides (which was promisified using [chrome-promise](https://github.com/tfoxy/chrome-promise)).

Read more about his journey at Esteban’s [blog post](https://envoy.engineering/a-framework-for-ambitious-chrome-extensions-b08d1f4b944d).

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---


## [Contributors' Corner](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories 💖!</p>

---

## [Got a question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#topic-embertimes](https://embercommunity.slack.com/messages/C8P6UPWNN/) on Slack or tweet us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

---


That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

the crowd and the Learning Team
