source/blog/2018-05-25-the-emberjs-times-issue-48.md, before:

---
title: The Ember.js Times - Issue No. 48
author: the crowd
tags: Newsletter, Ember.js Times, 2018
alias : "blog/2018/05/25/the-emberjs-times-issue-48.html"
responsive: true
---

Halloechen Emberistas!

...intro text

---

## [YOUR SECTION TITLE HERE](#your-url-here)


---

## [YOUR SECTION TITLE HERE](#your-url-here)


---

## [YOUR SECTION TITLE HERE](#your-url-here)


---

## [YOUR SECTION TITLE HERE](#your-url-here)


---

## [YOUR SECTION TITLE HERE](#your-url-here)


---

## [Updates to the ember-cli-addon-docs](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-cli-addon-docs)

It’s becoming harder to have an excuse to not document your software libraries as the AddonDocs is getting easier to use by the day.

A real-world example of its usage is the the ember-decorators documentation: <a href='http://ember-decorators.github.io/ember-decorators/latest/docs' target='_blank'>ember-decorators</a>, which was recently revamped by leveraging the add-on, have a go at it and inspire yourself to your own documentation.

Also, on the most recent releases, the following neatest features were made available:

- new version selector: good news for when you feel nostalgic about old documentation. Now you can add to your navigation a version selector control that will enable you to jump back and forth to different documentation versions with ease, check it out <a href='https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-cli-addon-docs/pull/156' target='_blank'>here</a>.

- "Magic mirror, on the wall – who is the most beautiful documentation of all?" The AddonDocs has an even prettier UI now thanks to the `ember-cli-tailwind`, if you are unfamiliar with Tailwind, do yourself a favour and deep dive into its power <a href='https://tailwindcss.com/' target='_blank'>here</a>.

---

## [Contributors' Corner](https://guides.emberjs.com/v3.1.0/contributing/repositories/)

---

## [Readers’ Questions: “Why does Ember still use RSVP?”](https://discuss.emberjs.com/t/readers-questions-why-does-ember-still-use-rsvp/14736)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>...text</p>

</div>

<div class="blog-row">
<a class="ember-button ember-button--centered" href="#" target="embertimesq">Read more</a>
</div>

**Submit your own** short and sweet **question** under [bit.ly/ask-ember-core](https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core). And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞

---

That's another wrap!  ✨

Be kind,

the crowd

Commit message:

Added section on Ember Call for blog posts

source/blog/2018-05-25-the-emberjs-times-issue-48.md, after:

---
title: The Ember.js Times - Issue No. 48
author: the crowd
tags: Newsletter, Ember.js Times, 2018
alias : "blog/2018/05/25/the-emberjs-times-issue-48.html"
responsive: true
---

Halloechen Emberistas!

...intro text

---

## [What is your wish for Ember in 2018?](https://emberjs.com/blog/2018/05/02/ember-2018-roadmap-call-for-posts.html)
There’s a week left of the Ember’s 2018 call for blog posts. There’s already been a lot of great blog posts from the community, but we’re hoping for more!

Write a blog post by **May 30th** to propose goals and direction for Ember in the remainder of 2018. The content of these posts will help the core team to draft their first Roadmap RFC.

Looking for inspiration? Check out the [#EmberJS2018 hashtag](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23EmberJS2018) on Twitter or [@zinyado’s repo collection posts](https://github.com/zinyando/emberjs2018-posts) on GitHub.


---

## [YOUR SECTION TITLE HERE](#your-url-here)


---

## [YOUR SECTION TITLE HERE](#your-url-here)


---

## [YOUR SECTION TITLE HERE](#your-url-here)


---

## [YOUR SECTION TITLE HERE](#your-url-here)


---

## [Updates to the ember-cli-addon-docs](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-cli-addon-docs)

It’s becoming harder to have an excuse to not document your software libraries as the AddonDocs is getting easier to use by the day.

A real-world example of its usage is the the ember-decorators documentation: <a href='http://ember-decorators.github.io/ember-decorators/latest/docs' target='_blank'>ember-decorators</a>, which was recently revamped by leveraging the add-on, have a go at it and inspire yourself to your own documentation.

Also, on the most recent releases, the following neatest features were made available:

- new version selector: good news for when you feel nostalgic about old documentation. Now you can add to your navigation a version selector control that will enable you to jump back and forth to different documentation versions with ease, check it out <a href='https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-cli-addon-docs/pull/156' target='_blank'>here</a>.

- "Magic mirror, on the wall – who is the most beautiful documentation of all?" The AddonDocs has an even prettier UI now thanks to the `ember-cli-tailwind`, if you are unfamiliar with Tailwind, do yourself a favour and deep dive into its power <a href='https://tailwindcss.com/' target='_blank'>here</a>.

---

## [Contributors' Corner](https://guides.emberjs.com/v3.1.0/contributing/repositories/)

---

## [Readers’ Questions: “Why does Ember still use RSVP?”](https://discuss.emberjs.com/t/readers-questions-why-does-ember-still-use-rsvp/14736)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>...text</p>

</div>

<div class="blog-row">
<a class="ember-button ember-button--centered" href="#" target="embertimesq">Read more</a>
</div>

**Submit your own** short and sweet **question** under [bit.ly/ask-ember-core](https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core). And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞

---

That's another wrap!  ✨

Be kind,

the crowd
