source/blog/2018-07-13-the-ember-times-issue-55.md, before:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 55
author: the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2018
alias : "blog/2018/07/13-the-ember-times-issue-55.html"
responsive: true
---

nuqneH Emberistas! 🐹

Read either on the [Ember blog](https://www.emberjs.com/blog/2018/07/13/the-ember-times-issue-55.html) or in our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/2018/07/13/the-ember-times-issue-55) what has been going on in Emberland this week.

...

Check out what's been going in Emberland 🐹 these days:

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [Contributors' Corner](https://guides.emberjs.com/v3.2.0/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our parents for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💕
</p>

---

## [Got a question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [The Ember Times is What We Make It 🙌](https://embercommunity.slack.com/messages/C8P6UPWNN/)

The **Ember Times** is a **weekly news editorial** featuring all the new things that are going on in Emberland.
[Subscribe to our e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/) to get the next edition **right to your inbox**.
And if you've always wanted to be an OSS journalist yourself,
drop by [#topic-embertimes](https://embercommunity.slack.com/messages/C8P6UPWNN/)
on the Ember Community [Slack Chat](https://ember-community-slackin.herokuapp.com/)
and **write** the next edition of the Ember Times **together with us**!


---


That's another wrap!  ✨

Be kind,

the crowd and the Learning Team

Commit message:

Added section on ember-cli-update

source/blog/2018-07-13-the-ember-times-issue-55.md, after:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 55
author: the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2018
alias : "blog/2018/07/13-the-ember-times-issue-55.html"
responsive: true
---

nuqneH Emberistas! 🐹

Read either on the [Ember blog](https://www.emberjs.com/blog/2018/07/13/the-ember-times-issue-55.html) or in our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/2018/07/13/the-ember-times-issue-55) what has been going on in Emberland this week.

...

Check out what's been going in Emberland 🐹 these days:

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [Don't Worry, Ember CLI Got You Covered](https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-cli-update)
The **number one** tool for updating Ember.js apps or addons just got **even better**. The [newest version](https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-cli-update/releases) of `ember-cli-update` now runs `qunit-dom-codemod` for you. This mean that you with close to no effort at all can utilize this great addon for your tests.

And the cool things is that `ember-cli-update` fetches new codemods **during runtime** - so no need to update to get this nice codemod! You can visit the addon page for [ember-cli-update](https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-cli-update) to read all about it or visit [qunit-dom](https://github.com/simplabs/qunit-dom) to learn about all the nice features it provides.


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [Contributors' Corner](https://guides.emberjs.com/v3.2.0/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our parents for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💕
</p>

---

## [Got a question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [The Ember Times is What We Make It 🙌](https://embercommunity.slack.com/messages/C8P6UPWNN/)

The **Ember Times** is a **weekly news editorial** featuring all the new things that are going on in Emberland.
[Subscribe to our e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/) to get the next edition **right to your inbox**.
And if you've always wanted to be an OSS journalist yourself,
drop by [#topic-embertimes](https://embercommunity.slack.com/messages/C8P6UPWNN/)
on the Ember Community [Slack Chat](https://ember-community-slackin.herokuapp.com/)
and **write** the next edition of the Ember Times **together with us**!


---


That's another wrap!  ✨

Be kind,

the crowd and the Learning Team
