source/blog/2018-09-28-the-ember-times-issue-66.md, before:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. XX
author: the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2018
alias : "blog/xxxx/xx/xx-the-ember-times-issue-XX.html"
responsive: true
---

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [Issue Triage 🕵️](https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Ember.js-Issue-Triage--ANXsBgi3NQNstI7fSMQIONfOAg-Bh6AEHTj1Bt4rXq0Awg4R)

<p>
  This week we had 5 volunteers helping 🚑 &nbsp;triage old issues that were inactive,
  we closed 9 and labelled 31 of 50 from last week that need a submitter response 🙀.
  Those 31 may be closed in the next week or two. Together, we addressed 17 issues
  that were inactive (and are still open 📂). We are beginning to establish a cadence
  again of a team addressing issue triage 🛠️ on Friday mornings.
</p>
<p>
  Thanks for your
  <a href="https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Triage-2018-09-21--ANXmzEWQ5mVFnbfufGK81Tj5Ag-BIKVPVdJqOS8q46TxJQKu">
    triage contributions
  </a> over the past two weeks 🤩… 
  <a href="https://github.com/yohanmishkin" target="gh-user">@yininge</a>,
  <a href="https://github.com/ryanlabouve" target="gh-user">@ryanlabouve</a>,
  <a href="https://github.com/yohanmishkin" target="gh-user">@yohanmishkin</a>,
  <a href="https://github.com/esbanarango" target="gh-user">@esbanarango</a>,
  <a href="https://github.com/hakilebara" target="gh-user">@hakilebara</a>, and
  <a href="https://github.com/yohanmishkin" target="gh-user">@pixelhandler</a>.
</p>
<p>
  The <em>@emberjs/issues-team</em> objective is to increase signal-to-noise ratio of issues
  and 🐛 &nbsp;bugs so that the core team (and contributors) can take action to resolve bugs,
  and spend less effort sorting the issues queue. Currently there are about 67 open bugs, of
  those 25 had a reproduction (e.g. using <a href="https://ember-twiddle.com">ember-twiddle.com</a>)
  , and 1 with a pull request - total count about 270. Our aim is to get down to 150 in the next
  couple months. If you'd like to help see the
  <a href="https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/480523776845414412">#issue-triage</a>
  room in the community Discord chat.
</p>

---

## [Contributors' Corner](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories 💖!</p>

---

## [Got a question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at #support-ember-times on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter. 

You can find our posts on what's been going on in Emberland this week on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html) or in our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/).

---


That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

the crowd and the Learning Team

Commit message:

blog(embertimes#66): add collocated test file RFC writeup

source/blog/2018-09-28-the-ember-times-issue-66.md, after:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. XX
author: the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2018
alias : "blog/xxxx/xx/xx-the-ember-times-issue-XX.html"
responsive: true
---

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [The Addon Test Is Right Where It Belongs ❤️](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/378)

<!--alex ignore host-hostess-->
Spending too much time looking for the **test files** of your **in-repo addon**? Feeling too exhausted to maintain a large test suite in which addon and host app test cases are meshed together? It doesn't have to be this way.

Read more about how **collocated in-repo test files** are able to make your developer life easier in [this **shiny, new Request for Comments (RFC)**](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/378). And as always, be sure to **leave your questions or ❤️ emojis** right below the RFC's pull request description! ✨


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [Issue Triage 🕵️](https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Ember.js-Issue-Triage--ANXsBgi3NQNstI7fSMQIONfOAg-Bh6AEHTj1Bt4rXq0Awg4R)

<p>
  This week we had 5 volunteers helping 🚑 &nbsp;triage old issues that were inactive,
  we closed 9 and labelled 31 of 50 from last week that need a submitter response 🙀.
  Those 31 may be closed in the next week or two. Together, we addressed 17 issues
  that were inactive (and are still open 📂). We are beginning to establish a cadence
  again of a team addressing issue triage 🛠️ on Friday mornings.
</p>
<p>
  Thanks for your
  <a href="https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Triage-2018-09-21--ANXmzEWQ5mVFnbfufGK81Tj5Ag-BIKVPVdJqOS8q46TxJQKu">
    triage contributions
  </a> over the past two weeks 🤩… 
  <a href="https://github.com/yohanmishkin" target="gh-user">@yininge</a>,
  <a href="https://github.com/ryanlabouve" target="gh-user">@ryanlabouve</a>,
  <a href="https://github.com/yohanmishkin" target="gh-user">@yohanmishkin</a>,
  <a href="https://github.com/esbanarango" target="gh-user">@esbanarango</a>,
  <a href="https://github.com/hakilebara" target="gh-user">@hakilebara</a>, and
  <a href="https://github.com/yohanmishkin" target="gh-user">@pixelhandler</a>.
</p>
<p>
  The <em>@emberjs/issues-team</em> objective is to increase signal-to-noise ratio of issues
  and 🐛 &nbsp;bugs so that the core team (and contributors) can take action to resolve bugs,
  and spend less effort sorting the issues queue. Currently there are about 67 open bugs, of
  those 25 had a reproduction (e.g. using <a href="https://ember-twiddle.com">ember-twiddle.com</a>)
  , and 1 with a pull request - total count about 270. Our aim is to get down to 150 in the next
  couple months. If you'd like to help see the
  <a href="https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/480523776845414412">#issue-triage</a>
  room in the community Discord chat.
</p>

---

## [Contributors' Corner](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories 💖!</p>

---

## [Got a question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at #support-ember-times on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter. 

You can find our posts on what's been going on in Emberland this week on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html) or in our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/).

---


That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

the crowd and the Learning Team
