source/blog/2018-11-30-the-emberjs-times-issue-75.md, before:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 75
author: Amy Lam, Alon Bukai, Kenneth Larsen, the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2018
alias : "blog/2018/11/30-the-ember-times-issue-75.html"
responsive: true
---

Hallo Emberistas! 🐹

This week we have: Final Comments on **RFC RFCeption** 🤔, Upvote the Ember Subreddit ⬆️, Learn how to start writing components you'll love 💖, Get a sneak peek at the new Ember CLI guides 📖...

---

## [New Guides for Ember CLI 📓](https://cli.emberjs.com/release/)
There's a **new and improved version of the Ember CLI guides out**. [@jenweber](https://github.com/jenweber) has been championing moving the Ember CLI guides into the Ember domain with enhanced content. 

There will be a more formal launch of the new Ember CLI guides on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/) but since you're **an Ember Times subscriber**, [you get a sneak peek](https://cli.emberjs.com/release/).

If you find any typos or bugs, then please feel free to report it to the [new repository](https://github.com/ember-learn/cli-guides).

---

## [The RFC RFCeption 🤔](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/300)
The RFC (Request For Comments) about the [RFC Process](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/300) itself is in its **final comment period**!

The current RFC process is great but has a few quirks. For example, there are different processes for [emberjs/rfcs](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs) and [ember-cli/rfcs](https://github.com/ember-cli/rfcs). If you haven't taken a look yet; this RFC proposes joining together all RFC processes, requiring a [Core team](https://emberjs.com/team/) Champion for RFCs that are accepted and more. 
Check it out and join the [discussion](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/300)!

---

## [Have You Read the Ember Subreddit? ⬆️](https://www.reddit.com/r/emberjs/)
In case you didn't know Ember.js has its own [Reddit subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/emberjs/)! It is another media channel where people can participate and share **Ember-related** things! It recently got a facelift and a new Ember brand theme.

The community has decided that we want to revive this subreddit and get it active. We want to get something about Ember on the front page but we need your help!

If you are wondering where to start check out [What Are You Working On (Nov 2018)](https://www.reddit.com/r/emberjs/comments/9yycbi/what_are_you_working_on_nov_2018/) and tell us what Ember things you have been doing in the month of November.

If you have any questions about the subreddit itself or want to help out hit up the new mods [@NullVoxPopuli](https://github.com/NullVoxPopuli) or [@Alon](https://github.com/Alonski) on [Discord](https://discord.gg/zT3asNS).

So **subscribe** to the [subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/emberjs/) today, post some content and upvote 🆙 what you love!

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [Start Writing Components You'll Love 💖](https://embermap.com/ember-component-patterns)

Ember Map just launched a [free email course](https://embermap.com/ember-component-patterns) where you'll learn how to build **better Ember components** in six lessons that walk through the fundamentals of UI development. We're excited to learn about declarative rendering, state hoisting, data-loading components and more! Check out [#media](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/486955806588403773) on Discord to chat about the course and other external Ember resources! 

---


## [Contributors' Corner 👏](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💖</p>

---

## [Got a Question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [#embertimes](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html) 📰

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter. 

Keep on top of what's been going on in Emberland this week by subscribing to our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/)! You can also find our posts on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html).

---


That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

Amy Lam, Alon Bukai, Kenneth Larsen, the crowd and the Learning Team

Commit message:

blog(embertimes75): painting game tutorial

source/blog/2018-11-30-the-emberjs-times-issue-75.md, after:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 75
author: Chris Ng, Amy Lam, Alon Bukai, Kenneth Larsen, the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2018
alias : "blog/2018/11/30-the-ember-times-issue-75.html"
responsive: true
---

Hallo Emberistas! 🐹

This week we have: Final Comments on **RFC RFCeption** 🤔, Upvote the Ember Subreddit ⬆️, Learn how to start writing components you'll love 💖, Check out how to build your own painting game 🎨, Get a sneak peek at the new Ember CLI guides 📖...

---

## [New Guides for Ember CLI 📓](https://cli.emberjs.com/release/)
There's a **new and improved version of the Ember CLI guides out**. [@jenweber](https://github.com/jenweber) has been championing moving the Ember CLI guides into the Ember domain with enhanced content. 

There will be a more formal launch of the new Ember CLI guides on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/) but since you're **an Ember Times subscriber**, [you get a sneak peek](https://cli.emberjs.com/release/).

If you find any typos or bugs, then please feel free to report it to the [new repository](https://github.com/ember-learn/cli-guides).

---

## [The RFC RFCeption 🤔](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/300)
The RFC (Request For Comments) about the [RFC Process](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/300) itself is in its **final comment period**!

The current RFC process is great but has a few quirks. For example, there are different processes for [emberjs/rfcs](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs) and [ember-cli/rfcs](https://github.com/ember-cli/rfcs). If you haven't taken a look yet; this RFC proposes joining together all RFC processes, requiring a [Core team](https://emberjs.com/team/) Champion for RFCs that are accepted and more. 
Check it out and join the [discussion](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/300)!

---

## [Have You Read the Ember Subreddit? ⬆️](https://www.reddit.com/r/emberjs/)
In case you didn't know Ember.js has its own [Reddit subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/emberjs/)! It is another media channel where people can participate and share **Ember-related** things! It recently got a facelift and a new Ember brand theme.

The community has decided that we want to revive this subreddit and get it active. We want to get something about Ember on the front page but we need your help!

If you are wondering where to start check out [What Are You Working On (Nov 2018)](https://www.reddit.com/r/emberjs/comments/9yycbi/what_are_you_working_on_nov_2018/) and tell us what Ember things you have been doing in the month of November.

If you have any questions about the subreddit itself or want to help out hit up the new mods [@NullVoxPopuli](https://github.com/NullVoxPopuli) or [@Alon](https://github.com/Alonski) on [Discord](https://discord.gg/zT3asNS).

So **subscribe** to the [subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/emberjs/) today, post some content and upvote 🆙 what you love!

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [Video Tutorial on How to Build a Painting Game 🎨](https://twitter.com/gavinjoyce/status/1068208916117577728)

[@GavinJoyce](https://github.com/GavinJoyce) published a tutorial on how to build a kids painting game in 20 minutes [on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N4KrBuO0RRE). 

In his tutorial, he uses 3 Ember CLI addons: [ember-cli-tailwind](https://github.com/embermap/ember-cli-tailwind), [ember-composable-helpers](https://github.com/DockYard/ember-composable-helpers), and [ember-concurrency](https://github.com/machty/ember-concurrency) as well as [Ember 3.5](https://www.emberjs.com/blog/2018/10/15/ember-3-5-released.html).

You can check out the full source code for the demo [on GitHub](https://github.com/GavinJoyce/ember-kids-painting-game).

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [Start Writing Components You'll Love 💖](https://embermap.com/ember-component-patterns)

Ember Map just launched a [free email course](https://embermap.com/ember-component-patterns) where you'll learn how to build **better Ember components** in six lessons that walk through the fundamentals of UI development. We're excited to learn about declarative rendering, state hoisting, data-loading components and more! Check out [#media](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/486955806588403773) on Discord to chat about the course and other external Ember resources! 

---


## [Contributors' Corner 👏](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💖</p>

---

## [Got a Question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [#embertimes](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html) 📰

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter. 

Keep on top of what's been going on in Emberland this week by subscribing to our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/)! You can also find our posts on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html).

---


That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

Chris Ng, Amy Lam, Alon Bukai, Kenneth Larsen, the crowd and the Learning Team
