source/blog/2018-08-31-the-ember-times-issue-62.md, before:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. XX
author: the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2018
alias : "blog/xxxx/xx/xx-the-ember-times-issue-XX.html"
responsive: true
---

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

Read either on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html) or in our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/) what has been going on in Emberland this week.

<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>

---

## [RFC: Ember 2018 Roadmap 🛣](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/364)

[Tom Dale](https://github.com/tomdale) published an [RFC](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/364) for the Ember 2018 Roadmap based on the feedback collected from the [#EmberJS2018 call for blog posts](https://www.emberjs.com/blog/2018/05/02/ember-2018-roadmap-call-for-posts.html) earlier this year. Tom identified 3 key goals for Ember in 2018 along with 2 real world use cases to focus on.

### Goals:

**1. Improve communication and streamline decision-making, and empower new leaders.**
Make users feel empowered to become contributors and at the same time expanding and refining the core team structure which includes mentoring new leaders and cross-pollinating knowledge between teams.

**2. Finish the major initiatives that we’ve already started.**
Add extension points to allow popular new tools to be quickly adopted in Ember apps and standardize around ES modules and npm packages to better enable the sharing of Ember tools with the wider JavaScript community.

**3. Ship a new edition, Ember Octane, focused on performance and productivity.**
Tell the story of modern Ember by shipping a new edition of Ember that has compatibility with new JavaScript language features like native classes, decorators, and async functions by default.

### Use Cases:

**1. Productivity apps**
Ember’s historical strength: sophisticated, highly interactive apps that users spend a lot of time in, getting things done.

**2. Content apps**
Text-heavy pages where the first load is critical. In performance-constrained environments, Ember’s strong conventions can help developers build faster apps by default.

Read more in the [rendered pull request on GitHub](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/blob/26c4d83fb66568e1087a05818fb39a307ebf8da8/text/0000-roadmap-2018.md).

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---


## [Contributors' Corner](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories 💖!</p>

---

## [Got a question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#topic-embertimes](https://embercommunity.slack.com/messages/C8P6UPWNN/) on Slack or tweet us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

---


That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

the crowd and the Learning Team

Commit message:

Added section on model.save RFC

source/blog/2018-08-31-the-ember-times-issue-62.md, after:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. XX
author: the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2018
alias : "blog/xxxx/xx/xx-the-ember-times-issue-XX.html"
responsive: true
---

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

Read either on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html) or in our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/) what has been going on in Emberland this week.

<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>

---

## [RFC: Ember 2018 Roadmap 🛣](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/364)

[Tom Dale](https://github.com/tomdale) published an [RFC](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/364) for the Ember 2018 Roadmap based on the feedback collected from the [#EmberJS2018 call for blog posts](https://www.emberjs.com/blog/2018/05/02/ember-2018-roadmap-call-for-posts.html) earlier this year. Tom identified 3 key goals for Ember in 2018 along with 2 real world use cases to focus on.

### Goals:

**1. Improve communication and streamline decision-making, and empower new leaders.**
Make users feel empowered to become contributors and at the same time expanding and refining the core team structure which includes mentoring new leaders and cross-pollinating knowledge between teams.

**2. Finish the major initiatives that we’ve already started.**
Add extension points to allow popular new tools to be quickly adopted in Ember apps and standardize around ES modules and npm packages to better enable the sharing of Ember tools with the wider JavaScript community.

**3. Ship a new edition, Ember Octane, focused on performance and productivity.**
Tell the story of modern Ember by shipping a new edition of Ember that has compatibility with new JavaScript language features like native classes, decorators, and async functions by default.

### Use Cases:

**1. Productivity apps**
Ember’s historical strength: sophisticated, highly interactive apps that users spend a lot of time in, getting things done.

**2. Content apps**
Text-heavy pages where the first load is critical. In performance-constrained environments, Ember’s strong conventions can help developers build faster apps by default.

Read more in the [rendered pull request on GitHub](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/blob/26c4d83fb66568e1087a05818fb39a307ebf8da8/text/0000-roadmap-2018.md).

---

## [RFC: I Promise You It's Good](#section-url)
[A new proposal](https://github.com/fivetanley/rfcs/blob/deprecate-promise-object-save/text/0000-ember-data-return-promise-from-ds-model-save.md) by [Stanley Stuart](https://github.com/fivetanley) to return a promise from `DS.Model.save()` is ready for you to read and comment. 

The idea here is to make `DS.Model.save()` return an `RSVP.Promise` instead of a `PromiseObject`. This is to remove the dependency on promise proxies, improve async consistency and enable new functionality in Ember Data. 

The only drawback of this is if you are already relying on this behaviour you’ll probably have to refactor your code to either use patterns like `async/await` or `ember-concurrency`.

[Read the whole proposal](https://github.com/fivetanley/rfcs/blob/deprecate-promise-object-save/text/0000-ember-data-return-promise-from-ds-model-save.md) and share your thoughts.

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---


## [Contributors' Corner](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories 💖!</p>

---

## [Got a question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#topic-embertimes](https://embercommunity.slack.com/messages/C8P6UPWNN/) on Slack or tweet us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

---


That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

the crowd and the Learning Team
