source/blog/2018-09-21-the-ember-times-issue-65.md, before:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. XX
author: the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2018
alias : "blog/xxxx/xx/xx-the-ember-times-issue-XX.html"
responsive: true
---

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [Published sparkles-component 1.1.0 ✨](https://twitter.com/rwjblue/status/1042162296854925314)

[@rwjblue](https://github.com/rwjblue) released version 1.1.0 of the [sparkles-component](https://github.com/rwjblue/sparkles-component) which includes [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) conversion of the library.

The sparkles-component is an addon used to experiment with [glimmer component](https://github.com/glimmerjs/glimmer.js/tree/master/packages/%40glimmer/component) style APIs in Ember apps via existing public APIs. It supports most of the `@glimmer/component` API including lifecycle hooks (constructor, didInsertElement, didUpdate, destroy), @tracked properties, ES base class, and decorator support (with the release of 1.1.0, this supports consuming via TypeScript).

To learn more, [@rwjblue](https://github.com/rwjblue) together with [@mike-north](https://github.com/mike-north) live streamed converting the library from JavaScript to TypeScript. You can watch the [live replay on Twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/311556611).

---


## [Contributors' Corner](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories 💖!</p>

---

## [Got a question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at #support-ember-times on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

---


That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

Chris Ng and the Learning Team

Commit message:

Add writeup on The EmberJS of the future... today!

source/blog/2018-09-21-the-ember-times-issue-65.md, after:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. XX
author: the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2018
alias : "blog/xxxx/xx/xx-the-ember-times-issue-XX.html"
responsive: true
---

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)

---

## [Published sparkles-component 1.1.0 ✨](https://twitter.com/rwjblue/status/1042162296854925314)

[@rwjblue](https://github.com/rwjblue) released version 1.1.0 of the [sparkles-component](https://github.com/rwjblue/sparkles-component) which includes [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) conversion of the library.

The sparkles-component is an addon used to experiment with [glimmer component](https://github.com/glimmerjs/glimmer.js/tree/master/packages/%40glimmer/component) style APIs in Ember apps via existing public APIs. It supports most of the `@glimmer/component` API including lifecycle hooks (constructor, didInsertElement, didUpdate, destroy), @tracked properties, ES base class, and decorator support (with the release of 1.1.0, this supports consuming via TypeScript).

To learn more, [@rwjblue](https://github.com/rwjblue) together with [@mike-north](https://github.com/mike-north) live streamed converting the library from JavaScript to TypeScript. You can watch the [live replay on Twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/311556611).

---

## [Ember is a modern framework, tell your friends 😄](https://dev.to/nullvoxpopuli/the-emberjs-of-the-future-today-12c)

Community member [@NullVoxPopuli](https://github.com/NullVoxPopuli) has written a summary of a set of his favorite features that showcase how Ember is a modern framework, and can be attractive to people looking for all the shiny things. Check out [The EmberJS of the future... today!](https://dev.to/nullvoxpopuli/the-emberjs-of-the-future-today-12c) where he discusses async lifecycle hooks, syntax for components, testing, dependency injection, keyboard accessibility and more.

---


## [Contributors' Corner](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories 💖!</p>

---

## [Got a question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at #support-ember-times on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

---


That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

Chris Ng, L. Preston Sego III and the Learning Team
