source/blog/2018-12-21-the-ember-times-issue-78.md, before:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 78
author: Robert Wagner
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2018
alias : "blog/2018/12/21-the-ember-times-issue-78.html"
responsive: true
---

مرحبا Emberistas! 🐹

<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>

---

## [What's New in Ember Inspector and Extensible Ember Inspector 🐹](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/417)

The Ember Inspector team has been working hard over the past few months to close out lots of
super old issues (some from several years ago!), as well as adding new
features to Ember Inspector. Thanks to [@nummi](https://github.com/nummi)
you can now more easily keep up with the changes being made as well! When
you open a new version of Ember Inspector, you'll now be shown an info tab
with all the changes since the last version.

![](https://imgur.com/BiqsmqV.png) 

We also did a few third party library swaps and updates, 
most notably switching from [ember-pikaday](https://github.com/adopted-ember-addons/ember-pikaday) to 
[ember-flatpickr](https://github.com/shipshapecode/ember-flatpickr)
and using [ember-table](https://github.com/Addepar/ember-table) for the data tab.

[@rwwagner90](https://github.com/rwwagner90) championed the date picker switch, which resolved several issues with
pikaday, and also removed our dependence on jQuery.

[@thorsteinsson](https://github.com/thorsteinsson) championed the ember-table
work and, as a result of the switch, you can now scroll the table horizontally! 🎉

Finally, we are working hard on the future of Ember Inspector, and have an RFC
up for making it extensible, which would allow for things like swapping out the
data tab to use Redux, etc. Please check out [the RFC](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/417) and let us know your
thoughts!


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---


## [Contributors' Corner 👏](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💖</p>

---

## [Got a Question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [#embertimes](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html) 📰

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

Keep on top of what's been going on in Emberland this week by subscribing to our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/)! You can also find our posts on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html).

---


That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

Robert Wagner and the Learning Team

Commit message:

blog(embertimes78): Glimmer Components RFC

source/blog/2018-12-21-the-ember-times-issue-78.md, after:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 78
author: Chris Ng, Robert Wagner
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2018
alias : "blog/2018/12/21-the-ember-times-issue-78.html"
responsive: true
---

مرحبا Emberistas! 🐹

<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>, read about the Glimmer Components RFC ✨, find out what's new in Ember Inspector and Extensible Ember Inspector 🐹!

---

## [What's New in Ember Inspector and Extensible Ember Inspector 🐹](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/417)

The Ember Inspector team has been working hard over the past few months to close out lots of
super old issues (some from several years ago!), as well as adding new
features to Ember Inspector. Thanks to [@nummi](https://github.com/nummi)
you can now more easily keep up with the changes being made as well! When
you open a new version of Ember Inspector, you'll now be shown an info tab
with all the changes since the last version.

![](https://imgur.com/BiqsmqV.png) 

We also did a few third party library swaps and updates, 
most notably switching from [ember-pikaday](https://github.com/adopted-ember-addons/ember-pikaday) to 
[ember-flatpickr](https://github.com/shipshapecode/ember-flatpickr)
and using [ember-table](https://github.com/Addepar/ember-table) for the data tab.

[@rwwagner90](https://github.com/rwwagner90) championed the date picker switch, which resolved several issues with
pikaday, and also removed our dependence on jQuery.

[@thorsteinsson](https://github.com/thorsteinsson) championed the ember-table
work and, as a result of the switch, you can now scroll the table horizontally! 🎉

Finally, we are working hard on the future of Ember Inspector, and have an RFC
up for making it extensible, which would allow for things like swapping out the
data tab to use Redux, etc. Please check out [the RFC](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/417) and let us know your
thoughts!


---

## [RFC: Glimmer Components ✨](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/416)

[@pzuraq](https://github.com/pzuraq) put up an RFC for supporting **Glimmer components** – which are simpler, more declarative and ergonomic approach to building components – into Ember’s public API. Glimmer components will be the new default app experience in [Ember Octane](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/blob/26c4d83fb66568e1087a05818fb39a307ebf8da8/text/0000-roadmap-2018.md#ember-octane).

Glimmer components aim to eliminate confusion with classic components, by aligning more closely with modern template syntax and features such as:

**Outer HTML Semantics** where there is no wrapping outer element by default and any dynamic values are explicitly stated in the template.

**Namespaced Arguments** by having Glimmer components assign their arguments to the `args` property on their instance, preventing namespace collisions.

**Immutable Arguments** for the `this.args` object, as mentioned above, which will normalize the way the data flows through the app. This will also promote the usage of the `{{@arg}}` syntax – which refers directly to the arguments passed into the invocation of the component – when appropriate since it is more predictable in nature.

**Minimal Classes** where Glimmer components won’t have any element/DOM based properties, hooks, event handler functions (which are provided instead by element modifiers) in order to reduce the mental model and enable users to be productive out of the box.

Read and comment on the [full RFC on GitHub](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/416).

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---


## [Contributors' Corner 👏](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💖</p>

---

## [Got a Question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [#embertimes](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html) 📰

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

Keep on top of what's been going on in Emberland this week by subscribing to our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/)! You can also find our posts on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html).

---


That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

Chris Ng, Robert Wagner, and the Learning Team
