source/blog/2018-11-09-the-ember-times-issue-72.md, before:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 72
author: Chris Ng, Jessica Jordan, the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2018
alias : "blog/2018/11/09-the-ember-times-issue-X72X.html"
responsive: true
---

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>.
We need **Emberistas at JSConf EU**, so submit a talk to the newly opened CFP! 🗣️ Let's take a look into **more informative Routes** 🤓,

---

## [JSConf EU CFP is Now Open! 👐](https://2019.jsconf.eu/call-for-speakers/)

[JSConf EU](https://2019.jsconf.eu/), which will be held from **June 1 – 2 2019 in Berlin**, has officially opened their call for papers for a talk regarding JavaScript, the web, or a clever hack.

<!--alex ignore blind-->
This is a good opportunity for us, as Ember developers, to **showcase our work to the greater JavaScript community**. Similar to the [EmberConf process](https://www.emberjs.com/blog/2018/10/12/the-ember-times-issue-68.html#toc_a-href-https-emberconf-com-become-a-speaker-html-emberconf-2019-call-for-papers-a), the papers starts out blind and later gets de-anonymized.

The call for speakers this year is **open until December 23rd**. JSConf’s sibling conference, CSSconf, even published a blog on [How to write a great talk proposal for a tech conference](https://blog.cssconf.eu/2014/06/12/how-to-write-a-great-talk-proposal-for-a-tech-conference/).

_”Pick the topic you feel most passionate about. This is your conference.”_  is the JSConf EU saying so [apply to be a speaker](https://2019.jsconf.eu/call-for-speakers/) today!

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [Personalize Your Route's Metadata with the RouteInfo Metadata RFC 📝](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/398)

Have you ever wanted to **track** specific keywords for a particular route in your Ember app, but didn't know how to do so in an elegant fashion? Have you tried to update the `document.title` of a page depending on the specific point of time at which a route was visited, but realized that this couldn't be done without some effort?

Then a brand-new **Request for Comments (RFC)** is just for you! The proposal [_RouteInfo Metadata_](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/398) suggests a new way for reading and writing **application-specific metadata** to the corresponding _RouteInfo_ object. For more context on which information routes currently provide, be sure to also check out [the section about the RouteInfo type from the original RouterService RFC](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/blob/master/text/0095-router-service.md#routeinfo-type).

And finally, read the full _RouteInfo Metadata_ proposal to learn more and leave your thoughts and questions in the [comments below the proposal](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/398).

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---


## [Contributors' Corner 👏](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💖</p>

---

## [Got a Question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [#embertimes](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html) 📰

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

Keep on top of what's been going on in Emberland this week by subscribing to our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/)! You can also find our posts on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html).

---


That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

Chris Ng, Jessica Jordan, the crowd and the Learning Team

Commit message:

Add writeup on Gavin's tutorial

source/blog/2018-11-09-the-ember-times-issue-72.md, after:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 72
author: Chris Ng, Amy Lam, Jessica Jordan, the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2018
alias : "blog/2018/11/09-the-ember-times-issue-X72X.html"
responsive: true
---

Kedu Emberistas! 🐹

<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>.
We need **Emberistas at JSConf EU**, so submit a talk to the newly opened CFP! 🗣️ 
Let's take a look into **more informative Routes** 🤓,
Watch a tutorial on how to build a live updating league table in Ember 3.5 📹

---

## [JSConf EU CFP is Now Open! 👐](https://2019.jsconf.eu/call-for-speakers/)

[JSConf EU](https://2019.jsconf.eu/), which will be held from **June 1 – 2 2019 in Berlin**, has officially opened their call for papers for a talk regarding JavaScript, the web, or a clever hack.

<!--alex ignore blind-->
This is a good opportunity for us, as Ember developers, to **showcase our work to the greater JavaScript community**. Similar to the [EmberConf process](https://www.emberjs.com/blog/2018/10/12/the-ember-times-issue-68.html#toc_a-href-https-emberconf-com-become-a-speaker-html-emberconf-2019-call-for-papers-a), the papers starts out blind and later gets de-anonymized.

The call for speakers this year is **open until December 23rd**. JSConf’s sibling conference, CSSconf, even published a blog on [How to write a great talk proposal for a tech conference](https://blog.cssconf.eu/2014/06/12/how-to-write-a-great-talk-proposal-for-a-tech-conference/).

_”Pick the topic you feel most passionate about. This is your conference.”_  is the JSConf EU saying so [apply to be a speaker](https://2019.jsconf.eu/call-for-speakers/) today!

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [Personalize Your Route's Metadata with the RouteInfo Metadata RFC 📝](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/398)

Have you ever wanted to **track** specific keywords for a particular route in your Ember app, but didn't know how to do so in an elegant fashion? Have you tried to update the `document.title` of a page depending on the specific point of time at which a route was visited, but realized that this couldn't be done without some effort?

Then a brand-new **Request for Comments (RFC)** is just for you! The proposal [_RouteInfo Metadata_](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/398) suggests a new way for reading and writing **application-specific metadata** to the corresponding _RouteInfo_ object. For more context on which information routes currently provide, be sure to also check out [the section about the RouteInfo type from the original RouterService RFC](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/blob/master/text/0095-router-service.md#routeinfo-type).

And finally, read the full _RouteInfo Metadata_ proposal to learn more and leave your thoughts and questions in the [comments below the proposal](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/398).

---

## [Premier League Video Tutorial ⚽️](https://twitter.com/gavinjoyce/status/1059533557130059779)

[@GavinJoyce](https://github.com/gavinjoyce) made an awesome [tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=4&v=vYakop2d2RI) where he walks through how to build a live updating league table in the **latest Ember 3.5**! Code along with the video and you'll use [ember-cli-tailwind](https://github.com/embermap/ember-cli-tailwind) for styling, angle bracket components, `shuffle` from [ember-composable-helpers](https://github.com/DockYard/ember-composable-helpers) (TIL), [ember-math-helpers](https://github.com/shipshapecode/ember-math-helpers) and more.

Check out [ember-league-table.surge.sh](ember-league-table.surge.sh) to run the app and the [repo](https://github.com/GavinJoyce/ember-league-table) for the source code. Our advice? Share the tutorial with a friend, whether they call it football or soccer...

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---


## [Contributors' Corner 👏](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💖</p>

---

## [Got a Question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [#embertimes](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html) 📰

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

Keep on top of what's been going on in Emberland this week by subscribing to our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/)! You can also find our posts on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html).

---


That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

Chris Ng, Amy Lam, Jessica Jordan, the crowd and the Learning Team
