source/blog/2018-12-07-the-ember-times-issue-76.md, before:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 76
author: the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2018
alias : "blog/2018/12/07-the-ember-times-issue-76.html"
responsive: true
---

εte sεn Emberistas? 🐹

<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---


## [Contributors' Corner 👏](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💖</p>

---

## [Got a Question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [#embertimes](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html) 📰

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter. 

Keep on top of what's been going on in Emberland this week by subscribing to our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/)! You can also find our posts on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html).

---


That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

the crowd and the Learning Team

Commit message:

blog(embertimes76): tracked properties rfc

source/blog/2018-12-07-the-ember-times-issue-76.md, after:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 76
author: Chris Ng, the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2018
alias : "blog/2018/12/07-the-ember-times-issue-76.html"
responsive: true
---

εte sεn Emberistas? 🐹

<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>

Read more about using `@tracked` in the new RFC! 👣

---

## [Tracked Properties RFC is up for review! 👣](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/410)

The [Tracked Properties RFC](https://github.com/tomdale/rfcs/blob/5710d6e6fdc4ae283af7259800beb18aecb95c0d/text/0000-tracked-properties.md) introduces a simpler and more ergonomic system for tracking state change in Ember applications.

Developers can identify if a property or a getter should be _autotracked_  by adding a `@tracked` decorator to it. This allows that value to have its dependencies automatically detected as it is used. 

Because tracked properties are just a very thin layer on top of native JavaScript, setting and accessing tracked properties can be done using **standard JavaScript syntax**. With no special syntax, and leveraging existing JavaScript knowledge.

Comment and read more about the [RFC on GitHub](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/410).

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---


## [Contributors' Corner 👏](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💖</p>

---

## [Got a Question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [#embertimes](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html) 📰

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter. 

Keep on top of what's been going on in Emberland this week by subscribing to our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/)! You can also find our posts on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html).

---


That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

Chris Ng, the crowd and the Learning Team
