source/blog/2019-02-01-the-ember-times-issue-83.md, before:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. XX
author: Chris Ng, Amy Lam, Jessica Jordan, the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2019
alias : "blog/2019/xx/xx-the-ember-times-issue-XX.html"
responsive: true
---

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>
 2019 is coming in strong with a staggering amount of RFCs in FCP ⌛, we have an exclusive **contributor interview** with **@jenweber** for you 🙌, as well as....

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

<!--alex ignore period-->
## [RFCs in Final Comment Period 🖊️⌛](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22Final+Comment+Period%22)

<!--alex ignore period-->
2019 is coming in strong with a staggering amount of RFCs in Final Comment Period (FCP). So come and check out these awesome work!

[Tracked Properties RFC](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/410) by [@pzuraq](https://github.com/pzuraq) which introduces a simpler and more ergonomic system for tracking state change in Ember applications.

[Contextual Helpers & Modifiers RFC](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/432) by [@chancancode](https://github.com/chancancode) or supporting first-class helpers/modifiers in our templates.

Two deprecation RFCs by [@chadhietala](https://github.com/chadhietala) are now in FCP - [Deprecate Application Controller Router Properties RFC](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/421) and [Deprecate Route Render APIs RFC](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/418).

Finally the [Restructuring the Guides Table of Contents RFC](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/431) by [@jenweber](https://github.com/jenweber) where the [Guides](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/) will be rearranged to provide a natural learning flow for today’s Ember.js developers is also in FCP.

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## ["I contribute to Ember" with Jen Weber 💬](https://discuss.emberjs.com/t/i-contribute-to-ember-with-jen-weber/16110)

<div class="float-right padded portrait-frame">
  <img alt="Jen Weber" title="Jen Weber - Contributor to Ember" src="/images/blog/emberjstimes/jenweber.jpeg" />
</div>

In the 4th edition of the contributor interview series, we'd like to highlight the work of community member **Jen Weber**, also known as [@jenweber](https://github.com/jenweber). In this exclusive interview with the Ember Times she talks about her work on the [Ember Guides](https://guides.emberjs.com/), what the next edition of Ember means for the framework’s learning story and which of her learnings from working on open-source have turned out to become powerful skills for her own career.

You can read the full interview on [the Ember Forum](https://discuss.emberjs.com/t/i-contribute-to-ember-with-jen-weber/16110).

<a class="ember-button ember-button--centered" href="https://discuss.emberjs.com/t/i-contribute-to-ember-with-jen-weber/16110">Read more</a>

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---


## [Contributors' Corner 👏](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank <a href="https://github.com/samcic" target="gh-user">@samcic</a>, <a href="https://github.com/locks" target="gh-user">@locks</a>, <a href="https://github.com/ppcano" target="gh-user">@ppcano</a>, <a href="https://github.com/bekzod" target="gh-user">@bekzod</a>, <a href="https://github.com/simonihmig" target="gh-user">@simonihmig</a>, <a href="https://github.com/rwjblue" target="gh-user">@rwjblue</a>, <a href="https://github.com/Panman8201" target="gh-user">@Panman8201</a>, <a href="https://github.com/pzuraq" target="gh-user">@pzuraq</a>, <a href="https://github.com/MelSumner" target="gh-user">@MelSumner</a>, <a href="https://github.com/bmac" target="gh-user">@bmac</a>, <a href="https://github.com/mhankus" target="gh-user">@mhankus</a>, <a href="https://github.com/rimian" target="gh-user">@rimian</a>, <a href="https://github.com/BryanCrotaz" target="gh-user">@BryanCrotaz</a>, <a href="https://github.com/rwwagner90" target="gh-user">@rwwagner90</a>, <a href="https://github.com/nlfurniss" target="gh-user">@nlfurniss</a>, <a href="https://github.com/efx" target="gh-user">@efx</a>, <a href="https://github.com/chancancode" target="gh-user">@chancancode</a>, <a href="https://github.com/miguelcobain" target="gh-user">@miguelcobain</a>, <a href="https://github.com/samselikoff" target="gh-user">@samselikoff</a>, <a href="https://github.com/noslouch" target="gh-user">@noslouch</a>, <a href="https://github.com/mansona" target="gh-user">@mansona</a>, <a href="https://github.com/dbendaou" target="gh-user">@dbendaou</a>, <a href="https://github.com/MonsieurDart" target="gh-user">@MonsieurDart</a> and <a href="https://github.com/wadie" target="gh-user">@wadie</a> for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💖</p>

---

## [Got a Question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [#embertimes](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html) 📰

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

Keep on top of what's been going on in Emberland this week by subscribing to our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/)! You can also find our posts on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html).

---


That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

Chris Ng, Amy Lam, Jessica Jordan, the crowd and the Learning Team

Commit message:

Add writeup on native classes blog post

source/blog/2019-02-01-the-ember-times-issue-83.md, after:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. XX
author: Chris Ng, Amy Lam, Jessica Jordan, the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2019
alias : "blog/2019/xx/xx-the-ember-times-issue-XX.html"
responsive: true
---

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>
 2019 is coming in strong with a staggering amount of RFCs in FCP ⌛, an update on native classes in Ember 🚀, we have an exclusive **contributor interview** with **@jenweber** for you 🙌, as well as....

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

<!--alex ignore period-->
## [RFCs in Final Comment Period 🖊️⌛](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22Final+Comment+Period%22)

<!--alex ignore period-->
2019 is coming in strong with a staggering amount of RFCs in Final Comment Period (FCP). So come and check out these awesome work!

[Tracked Properties RFC](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/410) by [@pzuraq](https://github.com/pzuraq) which introduces a simpler and more ergonomic system for tracking state change in Ember applications.

[Contextual Helpers & Modifiers RFC](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/432) by [@chancancode](https://github.com/chancancode) or supporting first-class helpers/modifiers in our templates.

Two deprecation RFCs by [@chadhietala](https://github.com/chadhietala) are now in FCP - [Deprecate Application Controller Router Properties RFC](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/421) and [Deprecate Route Render APIs RFC](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/418).

Finally the [Restructuring the Guides Table of Contents RFC](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/431) by [@jenweber](https://github.com/jenweber) where the [Guides](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/) will be rearranged to provide a natural learning flow for today’s Ember.js developers is also in FCP.

---

## [Native Class Update - 2019 Edition 📝](https://emberjs.com/blog/2019/01/26/emberjs-native-class-update-2019-edition.html)

[@pzuraq](https://github.com/pzuraq) wrote a blog post on native classes in Ember, which officially landed in v3.6. The article focuses on current best practices and changes since the original [how-to article](https://medium.com/build-addepar/es-classes-in-ember-js-63e948e9d78e) was posted. If you're curious about native classes in Ember, be sure to read Chris [detailed and informative writeup](https://emberjs.com/blog/2019/01/26/emberjs-native-class-update-2019-edition.html)!

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## ["I contribute to Ember" with Jen Weber 💬](https://discuss.emberjs.com/t/i-contribute-to-ember-with-jen-weber/16110)

<div class="float-right padded portrait-frame">
  <img alt="Jen Weber" title="Jen Weber - Contributor to Ember" src="/images/blog/emberjstimes/jenweber.jpeg" />
</div>

In the 4th edition of the contributor interview series, we'd like to highlight the work of community member **Jen Weber**, also known as [@jenweber](https://github.com/jenweber). In this exclusive interview with the Ember Times she talks about her work on the [Ember Guides](https://guides.emberjs.com/), what the next edition of Ember means for the framework’s learning story and which of her learnings from working on open-source have turned out to become powerful skills for her own career.

You can read the full interview on [the Ember Forum](https://discuss.emberjs.com/t/i-contribute-to-ember-with-jen-weber/16110).

<a class="ember-button ember-button--centered" href="https://discuss.emberjs.com/t/i-contribute-to-ember-with-jen-weber/16110">Read more</a>

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---


## [Contributors' Corner 👏](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank <a href="https://github.com/samcic" target="gh-user">@samcic</a>, <a href="https://github.com/locks" target="gh-user">@locks</a>, <a href="https://github.com/ppcano" target="gh-user">@ppcano</a>, <a href="https://github.com/bekzod" target="gh-user">@bekzod</a>, <a href="https://github.com/simonihmig" target="gh-user">@simonihmig</a>, <a href="https://github.com/rwjblue" target="gh-user">@rwjblue</a>, <a href="https://github.com/Panman8201" target="gh-user">@Panman8201</a>, <a href="https://github.com/pzuraq" target="gh-user">@pzuraq</a>, <a href="https://github.com/MelSumner" target="gh-user">@MelSumner</a>, <a href="https://github.com/bmac" target="gh-user">@bmac</a>, <a href="https://github.com/mhankus" target="gh-user">@mhankus</a>, <a href="https://github.com/rimian" target="gh-user">@rimian</a>, <a href="https://github.com/BryanCrotaz" target="gh-user">@BryanCrotaz</a>, <a href="https://github.com/rwwagner90" target="gh-user">@rwwagner90</a>, <a href="https://github.com/nlfurniss" target="gh-user">@nlfurniss</a>, <a href="https://github.com/efx" target="gh-user">@efx</a>, <a href="https://github.com/chancancode" target="gh-user">@chancancode</a>, <a href="https://github.com/miguelcobain" target="gh-user">@miguelcobain</a>, <a href="https://github.com/samselikoff" target="gh-user">@samselikoff</a>, <a href="https://github.com/noslouch" target="gh-user">@noslouch</a>, <a href="https://github.com/mansona" target="gh-user">@mansona</a>, <a href="https://github.com/dbendaou" target="gh-user">@dbendaou</a>, <a href="https://github.com/MonsieurDart" target="gh-user">@MonsieurDart</a> and <a href="https://github.com/wadie" target="gh-user">@wadie</a> for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💖</p>

---

## [Got a Question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [#embertimes](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html) 📰

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

Keep on top of what's been going on in Emberland this week by subscribing to our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/)! You can also find our posts on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html).

---


That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

Chris Ng, Amy Lam, Jessica Jordan, the crowd and the Learning Team
