source/blog/2019-01-18-the-ember-times-issue-81.md, before:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 81
author: the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2019
alias : "blog/2019/01/18-the-ember-times-issue-81.html"
responsive: true
---

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## ["I contribute to Ember" with Serena Fritsch](#link-to-forum)

<div class="float-right padded portrait-frame"><img alt="Serena Fritsch" title="Serena Fritsch - Contributor to Ember" src="/images/blog/emberjstimes/serenaf.jpeg" /></div>

This week we'd like to highlight the work of community member **Serena Fritsch**, also known as [@serenaf](https://github.com/serenaf).
In an exclusive interview with the Ember Times she talks about her learnings contributing to the **Ember Deprecations App** and why she believes that every contribution counts.

You can read the full interview on [the Ember Forum](#link-to-forum).

<a class="ember-button ember-button--centered" href="#link-to-forum">Read more</a>

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---


## [Contributors' Corner 👏](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💖</p>

---

## [Got a Question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [#embertimes](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html) 📰

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

Keep on top of what's been going on in Emberland this week by subscribing to our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/)! You can also find our posts on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html).

---


That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

the crowd and the Learning Team

Commit message:

For Ember Times No. 81: add interview link (#3770)
<!--- Make sure to add a descriptive title in the field above! E.g. "Fixes the header title color on the homepage"  -->

## What it does
<!--- Tell us what this fix does in a few sentences. E.g. "This updates the header title's font color to Ember Orange." -->

## Related Issue(s)
<!--- Please provide the issue(s) to which this pull request relates to or which issue it closes. E.g. "Closes #1234" -->

## Sources
<!-- Optional. If applicable be sure to add any screenshots or screen recordings of your work for your reviewers here -->

source/blog/2019-01-18-the-ember-times-issue-81.md, after:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 81
author: Ryan Mark, Jessica Jordan, the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2019
alias : "blog/2019/01/18-the-ember-times-issue-81.html"
responsive: true
---

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

This week we have an exclusive contributor interview with **@serenaf** for you 🎙,

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## ["I contribute to Ember" with Serena Fritsch](https://discuss.emberjs.com/t/i-contribute-to-ember-with-serena-fritsch/16037)

<div class="float-right padded portrait-frame"><img alt="Serena Fritsch" title="Serena Fritsch - Contributor to Ember" src="/images/blog/emberjstimes/serenaf.jpeg" /></div>

This week we'd like to highlight the work of community member **Serena Fritsch**, also known as [@serenaf](https://github.com/serenaf).
In an exclusive interview with the Ember Times she talks about her learnings contributing to the **Ember Deprecations App** and why she believes that every contribution counts.

You can read the full interview on [the Ember Forum](https://discuss.emberjs.com/t/i-contribute-to-ember-with-serena-fritsch/16037).

<a class="ember-button ember-button--centered" href="https://discuss.emberjs.com/t/i-contribute-to-ember-with-serena-fritsch/16037">Read more</a>

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---


## [Contributors' Corner 👏](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💖</p>

---

## [Got a Question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [#embertimes](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html) 📰

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

Keep on top of what's been going on in Emberland this week by subscribing to our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/)! You can also find our posts on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html).

---


That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

Ryan Mark, Jessica Jordan, the crowd and the Learning Team
