source/blog/2019-03-08-the-ember-times-issue-88.md, before:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 88
author: Amy Lam, Chris Ng, Anne-Greeth van Herwijnen, Kenneth Larsen, the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2019
alias : "blog/2019/03/08-the-ember-times-issue-88.html"
responsive: true
---

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>
Be heard by filling out the Ember Community Survey! Check out the release of [ember-ajax v5.0.0 🎉](https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-ajax/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#500-2019-03-05), Learn to contribute to Ember Times

---

## [Only a Few Days Left to Complete the Ember Community Survey 🚀](https://emberjs.com/ember-community-survey-2019/)

Tuesday, March 12th is the deadline to complete the [Ember community survey](https://emberjs.com/ember-community-survey-2019/). Thanks a lot if you have already answered the survey! 🎉 Don’t forget to poke a lot of people around you to complete it too!
If you have not yet completed it, please do. Your answer will give a better view on the Ember community and how it is used all around the world!

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [Release of ember-ajax v5.0.0 🎉](https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-ajax/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#500-2019-03-05)

[@Turbo87](https://github.com/turbo87/) announced the [release of version 5.0.0](https://twitter.com/TobiasBieniek/status/1103051224180498434) of [ember-ajax](https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-ajax). In this update, we have a **breaking change** for the Error classes since the base class of the custom Error classes was changed to extend native `Error` instead of `EmberError`.

Furthermore, ember-ajax was also updated to use [ember-cli-babel](https://github.com/babel/ember-cli-babel) v7.x, which requires all apps that uses ember-ajax to use [Ember CLI 2.13 or above](https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-ajax#compatibility).

---

## [Learn to Contribute to Ember.js 🏫](https://www.kennethlarsen.org/how-to-contribute-to-the-ember-times/)

[@kennethlarsen](https://github.com/kennethlarsen) has released a new blog series that will **take you through contributing to the Ember.js ecosystem**. The series starts off with contributions that are non-advanced and does not require code and will finish with some more advanced code contributions.

In this first post **you'll learn how to contribute to The Ember Times**. It takes you through everything from picking a topic to requesting a review on your writing. Check out [the blog post](https://www.kennethlarsen.org/how-to-contribute-to-the-ember-times/) to get started.

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---


## [Contributors' Corner 👏](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💖</p>

---

## [Got a Question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [#embertimes](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html) 📰

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

Keep on top of what's been going on in Emberland this week by subscribing to our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/)! You can also find our posts on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html).

---


That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

Amy Lam, Chris Ng, Anne-Greeth van Herwijnen, Kenneth Larsen, the crowd and the Learning Team

Commit message:

Add full-stack livestream series writeup
# Conflicts:
#	source/blog/2019-03-08-the-ember-times-issue-88.md

source/blog/2019-03-08-the-ember-times-issue-88.md, after:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 88
author: Amy Lam, Chris Ng, Anne-Greeth van Herwijnen, Kenneth Larsen, the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2019
alias : "blog/2019/03/08-the-ember-times-issue-88.html"
responsive: true
---

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>
Be heard by filling out the Ember Community Survey! Check out the release of [ember-ajax v5.0.0 🎉](https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-ajax/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#500-2019-03-05), a new full-stack livestream series 📹,

---

## [Only a Few Days Left to Complete the Ember Community Survey 🚀](https://emberjs.com/ember-community-survey-2019/)

Tuesday, March 12th is the deadline to complete the [Ember community survey](https://emberjs.com/ember-community-survey-2019/). Thanks a lot if you have already answered the survey! 🎉 Don’t forget to poke a lot of people around you to complete it too!

If you have not yet completed it, please do. Your answer will give a better view on the Ember community and how it is used all around the world!

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [Release of ember-ajax v5.0.0 🎉](https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-ajax/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#500-2019-03-05)

[@Turbo87](https://github.com/turbo87/) announced the [release of version 5.0.0](https://twitter.com/TobiasBieniek/status/1103051224180498434) of [ember-ajax](https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-ajax). In this update, we have a **breaking change** for the Error classes since the base class of the custom Error classes was changed to extend native `Error` instead of `EmberError`.

Furthermore, ember-ajax was also updated to use [ember-cli-babel](https://github.com/babel/ember-cli-babel) v7.x, which requires all apps that uses ember-ajax to use [Ember CLI 2.13 or above](https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-ajax#compatibility).

---

## [Learn to Contribute to Ember.js 🏫](https://www.kennethlarsen.org/how-to-contribute-to-the-ember-times/)

[@kennethlarsen](https://github.com/kennethlarsen) has released a new blog series that will **take you through contributing to the Ember.js ecosystem**. The series starts off with contributions that are non-advanced and does not require code and will finish with some more advanced code contributions.

In this first post **you'll learn how to contribute to The Ember Times**. It takes you through everything from picking a topic to requesting a review on your writing. Check out [the blog post](https://www.kennethlarsen.org/how-to-contribute-to-the-ember-times/) to get started.

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [Full-Stack Development with Ember and Rails Livestream Series 📹](https://www.twitch.tv/codingitwrong)

Josh Justice AKA [@codingitwrong](https://github.com/codingitwrong) has a new livestream series on his [Twitch channel](https://www.twitch.tv/codingitwrong) where he builds an application from scratch using Ember and Rails. Why Ember for this series? Productivity and developer happiness! 💯

These videos will appeal to you if...
* You're a backend developer who hasn't worked with extensive JavaScript before. You'll see how Ember allows you to build rich UIs, without needing to learn a lot to get started.
* You have experience with another frontend framework. You can learn from Ember's approach and gain another perspective.
* You've used Ember in the past. You'll be excited to see recent happenings that make Ember *easier* to use than before.

Check out the [teaser video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qCjUBVNng4w) for the series, [Part 1: Deployment, CI, and Dependencies](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Sz2AuhWKe0&t=), [Part 2: Models with JSON:API](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxA-dDw1Vqo), and [Part 3: UI Libraries and UX](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bqnrUCCPego). More videos will be released on [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCa-4tbLDX_lmq2f40L0paZw) over the next few Fridays. Better yet, tune into the livestream on [Twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/codingitwrong) Fridays at 2pm ET to chat and follow along live!

---


## [Contributors' Corner 👏](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💖</p>

---

## [Got a Question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [#embertimes](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html) 📰

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

Keep on top of what's been going on in Emberland this week by subscribing to our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/)! You can also find our posts on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html).

---


That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

Amy Lam, Chris Ng, Anne-Greeth van Herwijnen, Kenneth Larsen, the crowd and the Learning Team
