source/blog/2019-02-22-the-ember-times-issue-86.md, before:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. XX
author: the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2019
alias : "blog/2019/xx/xx-the-ember-times-issue-XX.html"
responsive: true
---

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## ["I contribute to Ember" with Miguel Camba ✍️](https://discuss.emberjs.com/t/i-contribute-to-ember-with-miguel-camba/16193)

<div class="float-right padded portrait-frame">
  <img alt="Miguel Camba" title="Miguel Camba - Contributor to Ember" src="/images/blog/emberjstimes/miguelcamba.jpeg" />
</div>

In our 7th edition of the contributor interview series, community member **Miguel Camba**, also known as [@cibernox](https://github.com/cibernox) talks about and talk about his work on **powerful** addons, contributing by necessity and why the **silly pull request** is only **a myth**.

You can read the full interview on [the Ember Forum](https://discuss.emberjs.com/t/i-contribute-to-ember-with-miguel-camba/16193).

<a class="ember-button ember-button--centered" href="https://discuss.emberjs.com/t/i-contribute-to-ember-with-miguel-camba/16193">Read more</a>

---


## [Contributors' Corner 👏](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💖</p>

---

## [Got a Question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [#embertimes](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html) 📰

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

Keep on top of what's been going on in Emberland this week by subscribing to our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/)! You can also find our posts on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html).

---


That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

the crowd and the Learning Team

Commit message:

blog(embertimes86): RFCs for Tracked Properties

source/blog/2019-02-22-the-ember-times-issue-86.md, after:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. XX
author: Chris Ng, the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2019
alias : "blog/2019/xx/xx-the-ember-times-issue-XX.html"
responsive: true
---

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>

Check out the two follow up RFCs to make Tracked Properties better  👣

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## RFCs for [Decorator Support](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/440) and [Tracked Property Classic Class Descriptor](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/442) 👣

[@pzuraq](https://github.com/pzuraq) opened up a pair of RFCs that supplemented the recently merged [Tracked Properties RFC](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/410).

The **Decorator Support RFC** is a follow up to the [Decorators RFC](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/blob/master/text/0408-decorators.md) since it was premised on decorators moving from stage 2 in the TC39 process to stage 3. However since decorators remained in stage 2, and have not been rejected, and that all parties were in agreement about the *invocation syntax* of decorators – decorators should present a minimal amount of risk to Ember and its users. The changes in the spec will mostly affect library and framework maintainers, but not end users in *most cases*. Ember will begin by supporting the latest version of the decorators transform provided by Babel.

The **Tracked Property Classic Class Descriptor RFC** adds the `descriptor` decorator for classic classes only which allows users to define native getters and setters (and other properties). This provides a clear 1-1 translation between native and classic syntax invocations as a way to add getters and setters to classic classes.

Read and comment on the [Decorator Support RFC](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/440) or the [Tracked Property Classic Class Descriptor RFC](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/442) on GitHub!

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## ["I contribute to Ember" with Miguel Camba ✍️](https://discuss.emberjs.com/t/i-contribute-to-ember-with-miguel-camba/16193)

<div class="float-right padded portrait-frame">
  <img alt="Miguel Camba" title="Miguel Camba - Contributor to Ember" src="/images/blog/emberjstimes/miguelcamba.jpeg" />
</div>

In our 7th edition of the contributor interview series, community member **Miguel Camba**, also known as [@cibernox](https://github.com/cibernox) talks about and talk about his work on **powerful** addons, contributing by necessity and why the **silly pull request** is only **a myth**.

You can read the full interview on [the Ember Forum](https://discuss.emberjs.com/t/i-contribute-to-ember-with-miguel-camba/16193).

<a class="ember-button ember-button--centered" href="https://discuss.emberjs.com/t/i-contribute-to-ember-with-miguel-camba/16193">Read more</a>

---


## [Contributors' Corner 👏](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💖</p>

---

## [Got a Question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [#embertimes](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html) 📰

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

Keep on top of what's been going on in Emberland this week by subscribing to our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/)! You can also find our posts on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html).

---


That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

Chris Ng, the crowd and the Learning Team
