source/blog/2019-01-11-the-ember-times-issue-80.md, before:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 80
author: Kenneth Larsen,
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2019
alias : "blog/2019/01/11-the-ember-times-issue-80.html"
responsive: true
---

Grüezi mitenand Emberistas! 🐹

This week you can read about the decorators RFC moving into FCP, ...

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---
## [Decorators in FCP 🤓](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/408)
<!-- alex ignore period -->
The [decorators RFC](https://github.com/NullVoxPopuli/rfcs/blob/decorators/text/0000-decorators.md) has been moved into **Final Comment Period (FCP)**. This means that if you have thoughts about decorators now is your chance to add your comment.

The motivation for the decorators RFC is that native decorators bring a **more natural way of declaring computed properties** to native classes than the current computed macros.

As always, feel free to read the [RFC](https://github.com/NullVoxPopuli/rfcs/blob/decorators/text/0000-decorators.md) and share your thoughts as a comment.

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---


## [Contributors' Corner 👏](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💖</p>

---

## [Got a Question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [#embertimes](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html) 📰

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

Keep on top of what's been going on in Emberland this week by subscribing to our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/)! You can also find our posts on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html).

---


That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

Kenneth Larsen, and the Learning Team

Commit message:

blog(embertimes#80): add contributor interview (hakilebara)

source/blog/2019-01-11-the-ember-times-issue-80.md, after:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 80
author: Kenneth Larsen,
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2019
alias : "blog/2019/01/11-the-ember-times-issue-80.html"
responsive: true
---

Grüezi mitenand Emberistas! 🐹

This week you can read about the decorators RFC moving into FCP, ...

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---
## [Decorators in FCP 🤓](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/408)
<!-- alex ignore period -->
The [decorators RFC](https://github.com/NullVoxPopuli/rfcs/blob/decorators/text/0000-decorators.md) has been moved into **Final Comment Period (FCP)**. This means that if you have thoughts about decorators now is your chance to add your comment.

The motivation for the decorators RFC is that native decorators bring a **more natural way of declaring computed properties** to native classes than the current computed macros.

As always, feel free to read the [RFC](https://github.com/NullVoxPopuli/rfcs/blob/decorators/text/0000-decorators.md) and share your thoughts as a comment.

---

## ["I contribute to Ember" with Frédéric Soumaré](#link-to-forum)

<div class="float-right padded portrait-frame"><img alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/blog/emberjstimes/hakilebara.png" /></div>

This week we'd like to highlight the work of community member **Frédéric Soumaré**, also known as [@hakilebara](https://github.com/hakilebara).
In an exclusive interview with the Ember Times he talks about his learnings as both an **Ember meetup organizer** and **contributor** to **Ember learning projects** and why showing up is key.

You can read the full interview on [the Ember Forum](#link-to-forum).

<a class="ember-button ember-button--centered" href="#link-to-forum">Read more</a>


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---


## [Contributors' Corner 👏](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💖</p>

---

## [Got a Question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [#embertimes](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html) 📰

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

Keep on top of what's been going on in Emberland this week by subscribing to our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/)! You can also find our posts on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html).

---


That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

Kenneth Larsen, and the Learning Team
