source/blog/2019-02-08-the-ember-times-issue-84.md, before:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 84
author: Jessica Jordan, Amy Lam, the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2019
alias : "blog/2019/02/08-the-ember-times-issue-84.html"
responsive: true
---

ሰላም Emberistas! 🐹

This week we have...

a new 🆕 EmberWeekly.com,

...and an exclusive interview with Ember **contributor @rwwagner90**!

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [🆕 EmberWeekly.com](https://www.emberweekly.com/) 💥

Our friends at Ember Weekly launched a new [EmberWeekly.com](https://www.emberweekly.com/). [@ebryn](https://github.com/ebryn) [tweets](https://twitter.com/ebryn/status/1093040993488855040) that the site includes six years of their newsletter's content, fully exposed to the web and now indexable. The site is powered by Ember and Fastboot and will help surface the wondering things happening in the Ember ecosystem! 💛

Looking for Ember resources on the web? A great link to share? Browse the [Reading](https://www.emberweekly.com/?section=Reading) or [Watch & Listen](https://www.emberweekly.com/?section=Watch%2FListen) sections. We think that the site looks pretty slick too. 

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## ["I contribute to Ember" with Robert Wagner 💬](#urlplaceholder)

<div class="float-right padded portrait-frame">
  <img alt="Robert Wagner" title="Robert Wagner - Contributor to Ember" src="/images/blog/emberjstimes/robertwagner.jpeg" />
</div>

In our 5th edition of the contributor interview series community member **Robert Wagner**, also known as [@rwwagner90](https://github.com/rwwagner90) talks about his work on the [Ember Inspector](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/ember-inspector/), his motivation to contribute and how to **overcome** the hurdle of sending one's **first pull request** successfully.

You can read the full interview on [the Ember Forum](#urlplaceholder).

<a class="ember-button ember-button--centered" href="#urlplaceholder">Read more</a>

---


## [Contributors' Corner 👏](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💖</p>

---

## [Got a Question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [#embertimes](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html) 📰

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

Keep on top of what's been going on in Emberland this week by subscribing to our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/)! You can also find our posts on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html).

---


That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

Jessica Jordan, Amy Lam, the crowd and the Learning Team

Commit message:

Add section on mirage docs

source/blog/2019-02-08-the-ember-times-issue-84.md, after:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 84
author: Jessica Jordan, Amy Lam, Kenneth Larsen the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2019
alias : "blog/2019/02/08-the-ember-times-issue-84.html"
responsive: true
---

ሰላም Emberistas! 🐹

This week we have...

a new 🆕 EmberWeekly.com, ✨ new documentation site for Ember Mirage

...and an exclusive interview with Ember **contributor @rwwagner90**!

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [🆕 EmberWeekly.com](https://www.emberweekly.com/) 💥

Our friends at Ember Weekly launched a new [EmberWeekly.com](https://www.emberweekly.com/). [@ebryn](https://github.com/ebryn) [tweets](https://twitter.com/ebryn/status/1093040993488855040) that the site includes six years of their newsletter's content, fully exposed to the web and now indexable. The site is powered by Ember and Fastboot and will help surface the wondering things happening in the Ember ecosystem! 💛

Looking for Ember resources on the web? A great link to share? Browse the [Reading](https://www.emberweekly.com/?section=Reading) or [Watch & Listen](https://www.emberweekly.com/?section=Watch%2FListen) sections. We think that the site looks pretty slick too. 

---

## [✨ New and Shiny Mirage Docs](http://www.ember-cli-mirage.com/)

As [samselikoff](https://github.com/samselikoff) posted on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/samselikoff/status/1088440182054051840) ember-cli-mirage v0.4.13 is now out and it contains a very cool feature. The old documentation site has been retired and replaced with a [new and shiny site](http://www.ember-cli-mirage.com/) build with [ember-cli-addon-docs](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-cli-addon-docs).

As if that wasn't enough, ember-cli-mirage currently has *0 reproducible bugs*. Help out by trying the latest release and see if you can catch any bugs.

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## ["I contribute to Ember" with Robert Wagner 💬](#urlplaceholder)

<div class="float-right padded portrait-frame">
  <img alt="Robert Wagner" title="Robert Wagner - Contributor to Ember" src="/images/blog/emberjstimes/robertwagner.jpeg" />
</div>

In our 5th edition of the contributor interview series community member **Robert Wagner**, also known as [@rwwagner90](https://github.com/rwwagner90) talks about his work on the [Ember Inspector](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/ember-inspector/), his motivation to contribute and how to **overcome** the hurdle of sending one's **first pull request** successfully.

You can read the full interview on [the Ember Forum](#urlplaceholder).

<a class="ember-button ember-button--centered" href="#urlplaceholder">Read more</a>

---


## [Contributors' Corner 👏](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💖</p>

---

## [Got a Question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [#embertimes](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html) 📰

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

Keep on top of what's been going on in Emberland this week by subscribing to our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/)! You can also find our posts on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html).

---


That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

Jessica Jordan, Amy Lam, Kenneth Larsen, the crowd and the Learning Team
