source/2019-04-05-the-ember-times-issue-93.md, before:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 93
author: Chris Ng, Isaac Lee, the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2019
alias : "blog/2019/04/12-the-ember-times-issue-93.html"
responsive: true
---

<change the date and filename later so will appear in netlify!>

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>
Contribute to the Ember Engines Guides MVP 🚂,...

---

## [Reason #1. Community 🏆](https://emberjs.com/community)

One great reason to use Ember is the [community](https://emberjs.com/community) that you are/will be a part of. Ember provides a wide platform for everyone to be an active learner and contributor. Where will you discover yourself next?

This year, we surveyed 10 different ways to [learn](https://emberjs.com/ember-community-survey-2019/#MS_Q103) and [contribute](https://emberjs.com/ember-community-survey-2019/#MS_Q112)!

Our 5 most favorite places to learn: (drumrolls, please)

- [Documentations](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/) (71%)
- [Ember.js blog](https://blog.emberjs.com/) (54%)
- [RFCs](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs) (52%)
- Code samples (51%)
- Blog posts (47%)

And our 5 most favorite ways to give back: 🥁🥁🥁

- Attend Meetups and conferences (35%)
- Open issues (35%)
- Maintain addons (27%)
- Open PRs (24%)
- Answer community questions (16%)

It's great to see that we all like to meet in person and share knowledge with each other. Each year, you can meet Ember devs from around the world at [EmberConf](https://emberconf.com/), [EmberCamp](http://embercamp.com/), and [EmberFest](https://emberfest.eu/). You can also meet them on a regular basis through [Meetups](https://emberjs.com/community/meetups/).

What can you do if there isn't a Meetup in your area? We'd like to suggest that you start small. Get together with a few friends for coffee or food, and catch up over latest Ember news. You can also throw a viewing party and watch together (1) past talks and (2) live streams 🍿. If you'd like to know more about starting your own Meetup, you can join the `#meetup-organizers` channel on Discord where we'd be happy to help you.

Side note 1. Please contact `#discord-server-admin` to join the `#meetup-organizers` channel.

Side note 2. [If you haven't joined the Ember Community on Discord, do so today](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS)! 😉

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Quest: Ember Engines Guides MVP 🚂](https://twitter.com/MVillander/status/1113833794237341696)

[@villander](https://github.com/villander) started a [quest issue](https://github.com/ember-engines/ember-engines.com/issues/55) to track all the work left to do to get an MVP of the [Ember Engines](https://github.com/ember-engines/ember-engines) Guides out!

There are tasks open from [moving docs](https://github.com/ember-engines/ember-engines/issues/540) from the README to [ember-engines.com](http://www.ember-engines.com/) to [clarifying the philosophy](https://github.com/ember-engines/ember-engines.com/issues/57) and intended uses for engines. Plenty for everyone with all levels of experience with Ember Engines to [contribute](https://github.com/ember-engines/ember-engines.com/issues/55)!
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Contributors' Corner 👏](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💖</p>

---

## [Got a Question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [#embertimes 📰](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html) 

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

Keep on top of what's been going on in Emberland this week by subscribing to our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/)! You can also find our posts on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html).

---

That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

Chris Ng, Isaac Lee, the crowd and the Learning Team

Commit message:

Adds survey improvement and looking ahead section

source/2019-04-05-the-ember-times-issue-93.md, after:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 93
author: Chris Ng, Isaac Lee, Jared Galanis the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2019
alias : "blog/2019/04/12-the-ember-times-issue-93.html"
responsive: true
---

<change the date and filename later so will appear in netlify!>

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>
Contribute to the Ember Engines Guides MVP 🚂,...

---

## [Reason #1. Community 🏆](https://emberjs.com/community)

One great reason to use Ember is the [community](https://emberjs.com/community) that you are/will be a part of. Ember provides a wide platform for everyone to be an active learner and contributor. Where will you discover yourself next?

This year, we surveyed 10 different ways to [learn](https://emberjs.com/ember-community-survey-2019/#MS_Q103) and [contribute](https://emberjs.com/ember-community-survey-2019/#MS_Q112)!

Our 5 most favorite places to learn: (drumrolls, please)

- [Documentations](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/) (71%)
- [Ember.js blog](https://blog.emberjs.com/) (54%)
- [RFCs](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs) (52%)
- Code samples (51%)
- Blog posts (47%)

And our 5 most favorite ways to give back: 🥁🥁🥁

- Attend Meetups and conferences (35%)
- Open issues (35%)
- Maintain addons (27%)
- Open PRs (24%)
- Answer community questions (16%)

It's great to see that we all like to meet in person and share knowledge with each other. Each year, you can meet Ember devs from around the world at [EmberConf](https://emberconf.com/), [EmberCamp](http://embercamp.com/), and [EmberFest](https://emberfest.eu/). You can also meet them on a regular basis through [Meetups](https://emberjs.com/community/meetups/).

What can you do if there isn't a Meetup in your area? We'd like to suggest that you start small. Get together with a few friends for coffee or food, and catch up over latest Ember news. You can also throw a viewing party and watch together (1) past talks and (2) live streams 🍿. If you'd like to know more about starting your own Meetup, you can join the `#meetup-organizers` channel on Discord where we'd be happy to help you.

Side note 1. Please contact `#discord-server-admin` to join the `#meetup-organizers` channel.

Side note 2. [If you haven't joined the Ember Community on Discord, do so today](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS)! 😉

---

## [How Can We Improve?💡 Looking Ahead...👀🚀](https://emberjs.com/ember-community-survey-2019/#how-can-we-improve-ember)

Of course the community survey highlights and reinforces so many of the aspects we all know and love about Ember.js, the community, the productivity, the stability! ♥️🎉✨ But, the survey also gives us as community members a chance to reflect on things we can do better. 🤔

Specifically the survey empowers community members, gives us a voice and a chance to comment about [how we feel Ember can improve](https://emberjs.com/ember-community-survey-2019/#how-can-we-improve-ember). Some shout-outs this year include continuing to broaden and diversify opinions, lighter builds and less Ember-specific syntax.

Also, some of the [excellent talks](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLE7tQUdRKcyYWLWrHgmWsvzsQBSWCLHYL) we heard at EmberConf in 2019, like [@melsumner](https://github.com/melsumner)'s amazing talk [Don't Break The Web](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=41TDfT6bAs4&list=PLE7tQUdRKcyYWLWrHgmWsvzsQBSWCLHYL&index=15&t=0s), highlighted the importance of improving accessibility not just in Ember, but across the web as a whole.  

The results of the survey's [skillset self-appraisal](https://emberjs.com/ember-community-survey-2019/#stack-skills) underscore this point. While many survey participants identified themselves as possessing advanced skills in areas like Ember, JavaScript, HTML and CSS, almost 70% of participants self-identified at a beginner level skill regarding Accessible Rich Internet Applications (ARIA). So it turns out many of us can improve our skills in building accessible applications, let's seize the opportunity to improve and act on this data! ✨💪✨

 A big, big thank you to all of those who participated in the 2019 Ember Community Survey! With your participation the survey provides all of us with a platform for discussion and ideas and is a truly important part of how we can all help move Ember.js forward in 2019 and beyond! 🚀🚀🚀

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Quest: Ember Engines Guides MVP 🚂](https://twitter.com/MVillander/status/1113833794237341696)

[@villander](https://github.com/villander) started a [quest issue](https://github.com/ember-engines/ember-engines.com/issues/55) to track all the work left to do to get an MVP of the [Ember Engines](https://github.com/ember-engines/ember-engines) Guides out!

There are tasks open from [moving docs](https://github.com/ember-engines/ember-engines/issues/540) from the README to [ember-engines.com](http://www.ember-engines.com/) to [clarifying the philosophy](https://github.com/ember-engines/ember-engines.com/issues/57) and intended uses for engines. Plenty for everyone with all levels of experience with Ember Engines to [contribute](https://github.com/ember-engines/ember-engines.com/issues/55)!
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Contributors' Corner 👏](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💖</p>

---

## [Got a Question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [#embertimes 📰](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html) 

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

Keep on top of what's been going on in Emberland this week by subscribing to our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/)! You can also find our posts on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html).

---

That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

Chris Ng, Isaac Lee, Jared Galanis the crowd and the Learning Team
