source/2019-04-05-the-ember-times-issue-92.md, before:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 92
author: Chris Ng, Lisa Huang-North, Jessica Jordan, Isaac Lee, Danielle Adams, Amy Lam the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2019
alias : "blog/2019/04/04-the-ember-times-issue-92.html"
responsive: true
---

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹


Read about the benefits of **volunteering at a tech conference** 💪, an RFC on **adding npm dependency lint** ✨, ...
<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>
...and an exclusive interview with Ember contributor **@pzuraq**! 💬


---

## [3 Reasons to Volunteer at a Tech Conference 💪🏼](https://medium.com/@lisaychuang/3-reasons-why-you-should-volunteer-at-a-tech-conference-19a0c81d1d8)

[@lisaychuang](https://twitter.com/lisaychuang) shares her experience from this year’s EmberConf, and encourages newcomers in any tech community to attend a tech conference (and possibly volunteer!)   

As a volunteer, you can get:
* A warm welcome to the community
* Behind the scene access
* A chill home base during the conference

Curious to learn more? Check out her post on Medium: [3 reasons why you should volunteer at a tech conference](https://medium.com/@lisaychuang/3-reasons-why-you-should-volunteer-at-a-tech-conference-19a0c81d1d8).

---

## [Animations and Predictable Data Loading in Ember 🐹](https://crunchingnumbers.live/2019/04/02/animation-and-predictable-data-loading-in-ember/)

[@ijlee2](https://github.com/ijlee2) a recent attendee at [Ember Conf 2019](https://emberconf.com/) shares an [tutorial](https://crunchingnumbers.live/2019/04/02/animation-and-predictable-data-loading-in-ember/) on how to load complex data in a predictable manor and how to use animations to liven up your ember applications. 

The tutorial covers how you can use simple animations using [Ember animated](https://github.com/ember-animation/ember-animated] and [Web Animations API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Animations_API) to help make your applications feel more dynamic and polished!

Another interesting area the tutorial explores is predictable data loading, overcoming bugs that you may encounter when having models and relationships and how you can use [Ember Data Storefront](https://github.com/embermap/ember-data-storefront) to aid tackling some of this issues! Defiantly worth checking out! 

Read the [full article](https://crunchingnumbers.live/2019/04/02/animation-and-predictable-data-loading-in-ember/) alongside some video previews or checkout a preview of the [demo app](https://ember-animated.herokuapp.com/) from the tutorial.

---

## [Reflecting on Being a Former Noob 👶](https://medium.com/@adamzdanielle/reflecting-on-being-a-former-noob-d5e192907ae)

While realizing she's no longer a beginner, [@danielleadams](https://github.com/danielleadams)' documents her thoughts on what more experienced developers can do to help those newer to the tech industry and working as developers. Check out her [blog post](https://medium.com/@adamzdanielle/reflecting-on-being-a-former-noob-d5e192907ae) on the subject, stemming from her experience being a mentor at EmberConf! 

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## [Dependency Lint RFC ✨](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/464)

[@Alonski](https://github.com/Alonski) proposed that the addon `ember-cli-dependency-lint` be added to the default blueprint.

This lint helps us detect early if our addons rely on the same package but use different versions. In such cases, Ember CLI merges all versions into one. This can cause our app to behave unexpectedly and become hard to debug. 😨😰😱

You can learn about `ember-cli-dependency-lint` addon and how to resolve dependency conflicts at [https://github.com/salsify/ember-cli-dependency-lint](https://github.com/salsify/ember-cli-dependency-lint). Be sure to leave your comments on [the current proposal to include it by default](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/464).

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## [Ember Makes Coding Feel So Good Comic](https://twitter.com/delusioninabox/status/1111468497782091779)

[@delusioninabox](https://github.com/delusioninabox) created a comic about being able to work with Ember again after a long time away. Like, retweet, or comment on the [post on Twitter](https://twitter.com/delusioninabox/status/1111468497782091779)!

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Daily 2,195! <a href="https://twitter.com/emberjs?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@emberjs</a> just makes coding feel so good...so right. ❤😍 <a href="https://t.co/AJJ8UMIqY5">pic.twitter.com/AJJ8UMIqY5</a></p>&mdash; Laura Kajpust 👩‍💻🎨 (@delusioninabox) <a href="https://twitter.com/delusioninabox/status/1111468497782091779?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">March 29, 2019</a></blockquote>
<script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## ["I contribute to Ember" with Chris Garrett 💬](https://discuss.emberjs.com/t/i-contribute-to-ember-with-chris-garrett/16395)

<div class="float-right padded portrait-frame">
  <img alt="Chris Garrett" title="Chris Garrett - Contributor to Ember" src="/images/blog/emberjstimes/pzuraq.jpg" />
</div>

In the 9th edition of the contributor interview series, community member **Chris Garrett**, also known as [@pzuraq](https://github.com/pzuraq), talks about his story getting involved with **native classes** and **decorators** in Ember. Chris also explains why everyone in the community is eager to help **make your contribution** a real **success** as well ✨

You can read the full interview on [the Ember Forum](https://discuss.emberjs.com/t/i-contribute-to-ember-with-chris-garrett/16395).

<a class="ember-button ember-button--centered" href="https://discuss.emberjs.com/t/i-contribute-to-ember-with-chris-garrett/16395">Read more</a>

---

## [Contributors' Corner 👏](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💖</p>

---

## [Got a Question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [#embertimes 📰](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html)

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

Keep on top of what's been going on in Emberland this week by subscribing to our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/)! You can also find our posts on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html).

---

That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

Chris Ng, Lisa Huang-North, Jessica Jordan, Isaac Lee, Danielle Adams, Amy Lam, Bradley Leftley the crowd and the Learning Team

Commit message:

Animation and predictable data loading changes

source/2019-04-05-the-ember-times-issue-92.md, after:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 92
author: Chris Ng, Lisa Huang-North, Jessica Jordan, Isaac Lee, Danielle Adams, Amy Lam the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2019
alias : "blog/2019/04/04-the-ember-times-issue-92.html"
responsive: true
---

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹


Read about the benefits of **volunteering at a tech conference** 💪, an RFC on **adding npm dependency lint** ✨, ...
<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>
...and an exclusive interview with Ember contributor **@pzuraq**! 💬


---

## [3 Reasons to Volunteer at a Tech Conference 💪🏼](https://medium.com/@lisaychuang/3-reasons-why-you-should-volunteer-at-a-tech-conference-19a0c81d1d8)

[@lisaychuang](https://twitter.com/lisaychuang) shares her experience from this year’s EmberConf, and encourages newcomers in any tech community to attend a tech conference (and possibly volunteer!)   

As a volunteer, you can get:
* A warm welcome to the community
* Behind the scene access
* A chill home base during the conference

Curious to learn more? Check out her post on Medium: [3 reasons why you should volunteer at a tech conference](https://medium.com/@lisaychuang/3-reasons-why-you-should-volunteer-at-a-tech-conference-19a0c81d1d8).

---

## [Animation and Predictable Data Loading in Ember 🐹](https://crunchingnumbers.live/2019/04/02/animation-and-predictable-data-loading-in-ember/)

[@ijlee2](https://github.com/ijlee2) a first time attendee at [Ember Conf](https://emberconf.com/), shares a [tutorial](https://crunchingnumbers.live/2019/04/02/animation-and-predictable-data-loading-in-ember/) on how to load complex data in a predictable manner and how to use animations to liven up your Ember applications. 

The tutorial covers how you can use simple animations using [Ember animated](https://github.com/ember-animation/ember-animated] and [Web Animations API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Animations_API) to help make your applications feel more dynamic and polished!

Another interesting area the tutorial explores is predictable data loading, overcoming bugs that you may encounter when having models and relationships and how you can use [Ember Data Storefront](https://github.com/embermap/ember-data-storefront) to aid tackling some of this issues! Definitely worth checking out! 

Read the [full article](https://crunchingnumbers.live/2019/04/02/animation-and-predictable-data-loading-in-ember/) alongside some video previews or checkout a preview of the [demo app](https://ember-animated.herokuapp.com/) from the tutorial.

---

## [Reflecting on Being a Former Noob 👶](https://medium.com/@adamzdanielle/reflecting-on-being-a-former-noob-d5e192907ae)

While realizing she's no longer a beginner, [@danielleadams](https://github.com/danielleadams)' documents her thoughts on what more experienced developers can do to help those newer to the tech industry and working as developers. Check out her [blog post](https://medium.com/@adamzdanielle/reflecting-on-being-a-former-noob-d5e192907ae) on the subject, stemming from her experience being a mentor at EmberConf! 

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## [Dependency Lint RFC ✨](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/464)

[@Alonski](https://github.com/Alonski) proposed that the addon `ember-cli-dependency-lint` be added to the default blueprint.

This lint helps us detect early if our addons rely on the same package but use different versions. In such cases, Ember CLI merges all versions into one. This can cause our app to behave unexpectedly and become hard to debug. 😨😰😱

You can learn about `ember-cli-dependency-lint` addon and how to resolve dependency conflicts at [https://github.com/salsify/ember-cli-dependency-lint](https://github.com/salsify/ember-cli-dependency-lint). Be sure to leave your comments on [the current proposal to include it by default](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/464).

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## [Ember Makes Coding Feel So Good Comic](https://twitter.com/delusioninabox/status/1111468497782091779)

[@delusioninabox](https://github.com/delusioninabox) created a comic about being able to work with Ember again after a long time away. Like, retweet, or comment on the [post on Twitter](https://twitter.com/delusioninabox/status/1111468497782091779)!

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Daily 2,195! <a href="https://twitter.com/emberjs?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@emberjs</a> just makes coding feel so good...so right. ❤😍 <a href="https://t.co/AJJ8UMIqY5">pic.twitter.com/AJJ8UMIqY5</a></p>&mdash; Laura Kajpust 👩‍💻🎨 (@delusioninabox) <a href="https://twitter.com/delusioninabox/status/1111468497782091779?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">March 29, 2019</a></blockquote>
<script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## ["I contribute to Ember" with Chris Garrett 💬](https://discuss.emberjs.com/t/i-contribute-to-ember-with-chris-garrett/16395)

<div class="float-right padded portrait-frame">
  <img alt="Chris Garrett" title="Chris Garrett - Contributor to Ember" src="/images/blog/emberjstimes/pzuraq.jpg" />
</div>

In the 9th edition of the contributor interview series, community member **Chris Garrett**, also known as [@pzuraq](https://github.com/pzuraq), talks about his story getting involved with **native classes** and **decorators** in Ember. Chris also explains why everyone in the community is eager to help **make your contribution** a real **success** as well ✨

You can read the full interview on [the Ember Forum](https://discuss.emberjs.com/t/i-contribute-to-ember-with-chris-garrett/16395).

<a class="ember-button ember-button--centered" href="https://discuss.emberjs.com/t/i-contribute-to-ember-with-chris-garrett/16395">Read more</a>

---

## [Contributors' Corner 👏](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💖</p>

---

## [Got a Question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [#embertimes 📰](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html)

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

Keep on top of what's been going on in Emberland this week by subscribing to our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/)! You can also find our posts on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html).

---

That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

Chris Ng, Lisa Huang-North, Jessica Jordan, Isaac Lee, Danielle Adams, Amy Lam, Bradley Leftley the crowd and the Learning Team
