source/2019-04-28-the-ember-times-issue-96.md, before:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 96
author: Jessica Jordan, Isaac Lee, the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2019
alias : "blog/2019/04/28-the-ember-times-issue-96.html"
responsive: true
---

<change date in alias and filename on day of send>

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

This week:
- ...
- Ember **contributions** from the **EmberJS Paris** contributor workshop 🇫🇷,
- **easier navigation through concurrency** 🕗 in your app tests,
- interview with **Edward Faulkner on Embroider** 🎙️,
- ...

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)

<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>

<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## [Merci for Your Contributions at EmberJS Paris 🐹🇫🇷](https://twitter.com/EmberJSParis/status/1120760348485799939)

Last week's **contributor workshop**, organised by the folks over at the [EmberJS Paris meetup](https://twitter.com/EmberJSParis), was a **real success**: with new changes to Ember CLI, improvements to Ember addons and even a brand-new RFC written, the Ember community gave back to the project, with some of the work even being made by first-time contributors! 🙌

Already feeling inspired to participate in or initiate your own **Ember contributor workshop**? Be sure to check out [these helpful resources to get you started](https://github.com/ember-learn/emberjs-contributors-workshop). And don't forget to check back on [#dev-ember-learning Discord channel](https://discordapp.com/invite/emberjs) and the [Ember Help Wanted app](https://help-wanted.emberjs.com/) to find something neat to work on. Codage heureux! 💻❤️

---

## [A New Milestone 💎 for Managing Concurrency in Your Test Suite 🕗](https://salsify.github.io/milestones/)

Managing **concurrency in your app** can be hard (at least, until you start using [ember-concurrency](http://ember-concurrency.com) ✨). Managing **concurrency in your tests** can be even harder.

But there's a new hope, called [Milestones](https://twitter.com/__dfreeman/status/1120410100227878913). Celebrating its first public release, this library helps you build apps with concurrent behaviour that's easy to navigate in both your dev and test environment. Check it out [today and give it a try](https://salsify.github.io/milestones/)!

---

## [Edward Faulkner on Embroider, Ember CLI's Modern Build System 🎙️](https://embermap.com/podcast/edward-faulkner-on-embroider-ember-cli-s-modern-build-system)

At [EmberConf 2019](https://youtu.be/zYwdBcmz6VI?t=2855), we got a surprise announcement of [Embroider](https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider), the **next-gen build pipeline for Ember applications**. 🧡

[EmberMap sat down with Edward Faulkner](https://embermap.com/podcast/edward-faulkner-on-embroider-ember-cli-s-modern-build-system), the creator of Embroider, to provide us more information.

Some key messages are:

- Embroider embraces ES modules and pull-based builds. It includes **only the code that your app needs.** 💯
- You can [try out Embroider today](https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider#how-to-try-it)! Once you are able to build your app with the default settings, you can [look at various options](https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider#options) to **boost performance** and **allow route splitting**. 🖖
- If you are an addon developer, please work towards [getting to the V2 format](https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider/blob/master/SPEC.md). This will allow Embroider to skip the expensive 1st build stage for your addon. ⏭️

Be sure to look out for an RFC to make Embroider the next build system for Ember. In the meantime, please check out [EmberMap's interview with Edward Faulkner](https://embermap.com/podcast/edward-faulkner-on-embroider-ember-cli-s-modern-build-system)!

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>

<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>

<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>

<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>

<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>

<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## [Contributors' Corner 👏](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💖</p>

---

## [Got a Question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [#embertimes 📰](https://blog.emberjs.com/tags/newsletter.html)

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

Keep on top of what's been going on in Emberland this week by subscribing to our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/)! You can also find our posts on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html).

---

That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

Jessica Jordan, Isaac Lee, the crowd and the Learning Team

Commit message:

Added section on Beto Cantu's talk on building apps with Octane

source/2019-04-28-the-ember-times-issue-96.md, after:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 96
author: Jessica Jordan, Isaac Lee, the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2019
alias : "blog/2019/04/28-the-ember-times-issue-96.html"
responsive: true
---

<change date in alias and filename on day of send>

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

This week:
- ...
- Ember **contributions** from the **EmberJS Paris** contributor workshop 🇫🇷,
- **easier navigation through concurrency** 🕗 in your app tests,
- interview with **Edward Faulkner on Embroider** 🎙️,
- building an **e-commerce app with Octane** 🔥,
- ...

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)

<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>

<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## [Merci for Your Contributions at EmberJS Paris 🐹🇫🇷](https://twitter.com/EmberJSParis/status/1120760348485799939)

Last week's **contributor workshop**, organised by the folks over at the [EmberJS Paris meetup](https://twitter.com/EmberJSParis), was a **real success**: with new changes to Ember CLI, improvements to Ember addons and even a brand-new RFC written, the Ember community gave back to the project, with some of the work even being made by first-time contributors! 🙌

Already feeling inspired to participate in or initiate your own **Ember contributor workshop**? Be sure to check out [these helpful resources to get you started](https://github.com/ember-learn/emberjs-contributors-workshop). And don't forget to check back on [#dev-ember-learning Discord channel](https://discordapp.com/invite/emberjs) and the [Ember Help Wanted app](https://help-wanted.emberjs.com/) to find something neat to work on. Codage heureux! 💻❤️

---

## [A New Milestone 💎 for Managing Concurrency in Your Test Suite 🕗](https://salsify.github.io/milestones/)

Managing **concurrency in your app** can be hard (at least, until you start using [ember-concurrency](http://ember-concurrency.com) ✨). Managing **concurrency in your tests** can be even harder.

But there's a new hope, called [Milestones](https://twitter.com/__dfreeman/status/1120410100227878913). Celebrating its first public release, this library helps you build apps with concurrent behaviour that's easy to navigate in both your dev and test environment. Check it out [today and give it a try](https://salsify.github.io/milestones/)!

---

## [Edward Faulkner on Embroider, Ember CLI's Modern Build System 🎙️](https://embermap.com/podcast/edward-faulkner-on-embroider-ember-cli-s-modern-build-system)

At [EmberConf 2019](https://youtu.be/zYwdBcmz6VI?t=2855), we got a surprise announcement of [Embroider](https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider), the **next-gen build pipeline for Ember applications**. 🧡

[EmberMap sat down with Edward Faulkner](https://embermap.com/podcast/edward-faulkner-on-embroider-ember-cli-s-modern-build-system), the creator of Embroider, to provide us more information.

Some key messages are:

- Embroider embraces ES modules and pull-based builds. It includes **only the code that your app needs.** 💯
- You can [try out Embroider today](https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider#how-to-try-it)! Once you are able to build your app with the default settings, you can [look at various options](https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider#options) to **boost performance** and **allow route splitting**. 🖖
- If you are an addon developer, please work towards [getting to the V2 format](https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider/blob/master/SPEC.md). This will allow Embroider to skip the expensive 1st build stage for your addon. ⏭️

Be sure to look out for an RFC to make Embroider the next build system for Ember. In the meantime, please check out [EmberMap's interview with Edward Faulkner](https://embermap.com/podcast/edward-faulkner-on-embroider-ember-cli-s-modern-build-system)!

---

## [Building with Octane, by Beto Cantu 🔥](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KnkWs18V9dA)

At the inaugural [Ember San Antonio Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/EmberSA), Beto Cantu ([@betocantu93](https://github.com/betocantu93)) presented [an e-commerce app that he had built](https://github.com/betocantu93/octane-ecommerce) with [Octane](https://emberjs.com/editions/octane/) (in just hours!).

In addition to new features such as `@tracked` and `{{on}}` modifier, Beto covered the fundamentals of Ember—from designing routes to deploying our app. This made a great introduction to attendees who had never used Ember before. 🤗

Please watch Beto's talk to [learn more about building apps with Octane](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KnkWs18V9dA). Don't forget to upvote and share it with your friends!

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>

<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>

<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>

<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>

<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## [Contributors' Corner 👏](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💖</p>

---

## [Got a Question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [#embertimes 📰](https://blog.emberjs.com/tags/newsletter.html)

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

Keep on top of what's been going on in Emberland this week by subscribing to our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/)! You can also find our posts on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html).

---

That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

Jessica Jordan, Isaac Lee, the crowd and the Learning Team
