source/2019-04-19-the-ember-times-issue-95.md, before:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 95
author: the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2019
alias : "blog/2019/04/19-the-ember-times-issue-95.html"
responsive: true
---

<change date in alias and filename on day of send>

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Contributors' Corner 👏](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💖</p>

---

## [Got a Question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [#embertimes 📰](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html) 

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

Keep on top of what's been going on in Emberland this week by subscribing to our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/)! You can also find our posts on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html).

---

That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

the crowd and the Learning Team

Commit message:

blog(embertimes95): templates colocation rfc
- templates colocation rfc
- fixed link to `embertimes`

source/2019-04-19-the-ember-times-issue-95.md, after:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 95
author: Chris Ng, the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2019
alias : "blog/2019/04/19-the-ember-times-issue-95.html"
responsive: true
---

<change date in alias and filename on day of send>

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

Read about the Component Templates Co-location RFC 🖇️, ...
<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>

---

## [Component Templates Co-location RFC 🖇️](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/481)

[@chancancode](https://github.com/chancancode) opened an RFC around placing the component’s class and template in the same directory on the file system. The proposed change is to move the templates from being located at `app/templates/components` into the `app/components` directory, co-locating it with the component’s JavaScript file.

This change provides component class/template coupling, a single source of truth for components, resolves deviations from route template conventions, and the lack of a single import. If you'd like to learn more, please take a look at [RFC #481](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/481). Read, comment, and spread the word about it! 🖊️

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Contributors' Corner 👏](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💖</p>

---

## [Got a Question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [#embertimes 📰](https://blog.emberjs.com/tags/newsletter.html) 

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

Keep on top of what's been going on in Emberland this week by subscribing to our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/)! You can also find our posts on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html).

---

That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

Chris Ng, the crowd and the Learning Team
