source/2019-06-08-the-ember-times-issue-102.md, before:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. XX
author: Preston Sego
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2019
alias : "blog/2019/xx/xx-the-ember-times-issue-XX.html"
responsive: true
---

<change date in alias and filename on day of send>

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>

---

## [RFC for an alternative to Controllers 🥴](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/499)
[@NullVoxPopuli](https://github.com/NullVoxPopuli) proposed **two** RFCs to outline how we can eventually remove controllers from Ember.
 - [RFC 499](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/499) proposes an alternative way of rendering templates for a particular route. (if some of you remember routable components, this isn't that 😉)
 - [RFC 380](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/380) proposes adding a `queryParams` property to the `RouterService` for accessing query parameters anywhere in your app: Routes, Components, etc. 🎉
 
With these two RFCs, we're heading in the right direction for eventually being able to deprecate Controllers. 🔥🔥🔥 Read, comment, and spread the word! 🖊️

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Contributors' Corner 👏](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💖</p>

---

## [Got a Question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [#embertimes 📰](https://blog.emberjs.com/tags/newsletter.html) 

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

Keep on top of what's been going on in Emberland this week by subscribing to our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/)! You can also find our posts on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html).

---

That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

the crowd and the Learning Team

Commit message:

Added a starter section for EmberJS2019 posts

source/2019-06-08-the-ember-times-issue-102.md, after:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. XX
author: Preston Sego, Isaac Lee
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2019
alias : "blog/2019/xx/xx-the-ember-times-issue-XX.html"
responsive: true
---

<change date in alias and filename on day of send>

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

This week:
...
more #EmberJS2019 posts wanted! ✏️, 
RFC for an alternative to Controllers 🥴,
...

---

## [More #EmberJS2019 Posts Wanted! ✏️](https://blog.emberjs.com/2019/05/20/ember-2019-roadmap-call-for-posts.html)

Don't forget. **June 17** is the deadline for your #EmberJS2019 post to be a part of Roadmap RFC! If time isn't on your side, feel free to write and share your post even after the deadline.

<a class="ember-button ember-button--centered" href="https://blog.emberjs.com/2019/05/20/ember-2019-roadmap-call-for-posts.html">Read the Roadmap RFC</a>

For ideas and inspiration, you can check out the #EmberJS2019 posts at our [community repo](https://github.com/abhilashlr/emberjs2019-posts). Here are the highlights from this week's posts:

---

[@Turbo87](https://github.com/Turbo87) focused on Ember being able to [support existing technologies](https://twitter.com/TobiasBieniek/status/1135790015177469952):

> @yarnpkg PnP is a fantastic way to reclaim some/a lot of disk space. I started some work last year to support it in Ember CLI, but couldn't finish it in time. We should revisit this!

---

[@efx](https://github.com/efx) shared [thoughts on existing posts](https://www.typedspace.com/2019-ember-js-roadmap/).

> I think we should treat learning as important as the technical ideas that distinguish ember.js. [...] My fabulous colleagues have often asked spot-on, difficult questions about the guide's admonitions to do something a particular way. I too often resort to shallow "that is just the way it is" answers.

---

## [RFC for an alternative to Controllers 🥴](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/499)
[@NullVoxPopuli](https://github.com/NullVoxPopuli) proposed **two** RFCs to outline how we can eventually remove controllers from Ember.
 - [RFC 499](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/499) proposes an alternative way of rendering templates for a particular route. (if some of you remember routable components, this isn't that 😉)
 - [RFC 380](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/380) proposes adding a `queryParams` property to the `RouterService` for accessing query parameters anywhere in your app: Routes, Components, etc. 🎉
 
With these two RFCs, we're heading in the right direction for eventually being able to deprecate Controllers. 🔥🔥🔥 Read, comment, and spread the word! 🖊️

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Contributors' Corner 👏](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💖</p>

---

## [Got a Question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [#embertimes 📰](https://blog.emberjs.com/tags/newsletter.html) 

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

Keep on top of what's been going on in Emberland this week by subscribing to our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/)! You can also find our posts on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html).

---

That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

Preston Sego, Isaac Lee, the crowd and the Learning Team
