source/2019-03-15-the-ember-times-issue-89.md, before:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 89
author: Jessica Jordan, the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2019
alias : "blog/2019/03/15-the-ember-times-issue-89.html"
responsive: true
---

Talofa Emberistas! 🐹

Polish up the Guides preview for Octane ⛽️, ...

---

## [Copy Editors For the Octane Guides Needed 📝](https://github.com/ember-learn/guides-source/issues/588)

Do you have **a few minutes** to read a page of the [Work in Progress (WIP) of the new Octane Guides](https://github.com/ember-learn/guides-source/issues/588) and send a PR for any kind of **small fix**? It's all about **spelling, typos and factual accuracy** in this round of copy-editing for the Guides and your help - however big or small - is greatly appreciated! 🖤
Your work will contribute to a big initiative the Learning Core team and friends have been working on for a while and which will be highlighted at [EmberConf](https://emberconf.com) next week!

You can read more about how to contribute and what to look out for in the [description of the related Quest Issue](https://github.com/ember-learn/guides-source/issues/588) and thank you for your support - every little bit helps! ⭐️

---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---


## [Contributors' Corner 👏](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💖</p>

---

## [Got a Question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [#embertimes](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html) 📰

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

Keep on top of what's been going on in Emberland this week by subscribing to our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/)! You can also find our posts on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html).

---


That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

Jessica Jordan, the crowd and the Learning Team

Commit message:

blog(embertimes#89): nested angle bracket invocation syntax

source/2019-03-15-the-ember-times-issue-89.md, after:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 89
author: Jessica Jordan, the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2019
alias : "blog/2019/03/15-the-ember-times-issue-89.html"
responsive: true
---

Talofa Emberistas! 🐹

Polish up the Guides preview for Octane ⛽️, invoke nested components with angle bracket syntax 📐, ...

---

## [Copy Editors For the Octane Guides Needed 📝](https://github.com/ember-learn/guides-source/issues/588)

Do you have **a few minutes** to read a page of the [Work in Progress (WIP) of the new Octane Guides](https://github.com/ember-learn/guides-source/issues/588) and send a PR for any kind of **small fix**? It's all about **spelling, typos and factual accuracy** in this round of copy-editing for the Guides and your help - however big or small - is greatly appreciated! 🖤
Your work will contribute to a big initiative the Learning Core team and friends have been working on for a while and which will be highlighted at [EmberConf](https://emberconf.com) next week!

You can read more about how to contribute and what to look out for in the [description of the related Quest Issue](https://github.com/ember-learn/guides-source/issues/588) and thank you for your support - every little bit helps! ⭐️

---

## [Invoking Components From All the Directories With Angle Brackets 📂](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/457)

Even though [angle bracket syntax](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/reference/syntax-conversion-guide/) is the modern and already available way of invoking components in Ember, it is still not possible to invoke all your components in your Ember app this way (yet!).

In contrast to **curly invocation syntax**, or classic invocation syntax, **angle bracket syntax** does not allow you to invoke components from nested directories, e.g. `app/components/blog/post/comment.js`. A new [Request for Comments (RFC)](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/457) aims to change exactly that. It paves a way for Ember developers to use angle bracket invocation syntax on components from all app directories - nested or not.

<!-- alex ignore period -->
Be sure to read the full proposal and [leave your comments below](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/457) before the **Final Comment Period (FCP)** ends!


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---

## [SECTION TITLE](#section-url)


---


## [Contributors' Corner 👏](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💖</p>

---

## [Got a Question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [#embertimes](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html) 📰

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

Keep on top of what's been going on in Emberland this week by subscribing to our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/)! You can also find our posts on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html).

---


That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

Jessica Jordan, the crowd and the Learning Team
