source/2019-06-21-the-ember-times-issue-103.md, before:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 103
author: Sean Massa, Amy Lam, the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2019
alias : "blog/2019/06/21-the-ember-times-issue-103.html"
responsive: true
---

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>
Submit to the Ember Camp Chicago CFP 🌭,
...

---

## [EmberCamp Chicago on September 16th! 🌭](#section-url)
  
The [EmberCamp Chicago CFP](https://cfp.emberconf.com/events/embercamp-chicago-2019) is open until **June 30th**. If you are interested in doing a talk, mini-talk, activity, workshop, or keynote, please submit soon!

Tickets will be going on sale soon. If you want to receive announcements about EmberCamp, sign up on [embercamp.com](http://embercamp.com/).

Last year's sessions have all been published [as a playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4eq2DPpyBbm-vTgHMdBjUi1Qd5GiRIfW). If you want only Trek's awesome intros, there's a [separate playlist for that](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4eq2DPpyBbmrQSORHoiTBNapQX2Hqu0C). 🥁

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Contributors' Corner 👏](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💖</p>

---

## [Got a Question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [#embertimes 📰](https://blog.emberjs.com/tags/newsletter.html) 

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

Keep on top of what's been going on in Emberland this week by subscribing to our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/)! You can also find our posts on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html).

---

That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

Sean Massa, Amy Lam, the crowd and the Learning Team

Commit message:

blog(embertimes103): Visual Regression Video

source/2019-06-21-the-ember-times-issue-103.md, after:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 103
author: Chris Ng, Sean Massa, Amy Lam, the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2019
alias : "blog/2019/06/21-the-ember-times-issue-103.html"
responsive: true
---

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>
Submit to the Ember Camp Chicago CFP 🌭,
Watch the Visual Regression Testing Made Easy talk video 📺,
...

---

## [EmberCamp Chicago on September 16th! 🌭](#section-url)
  
The [EmberCamp Chicago CFP](https://cfp.emberconf.com/events/embercamp-chicago-2019) is open until **June 30th**. If you are interested in doing a talk, mini-talk, activity, workshop, or keynote, please submit soon!

Tickets will be going on sale soon. If you want to receive announcements about EmberCamp, sign up on [embercamp.com](http://embercamp.com/).

Last year's sessions have all been published [as a playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4eq2DPpyBbm-vTgHMdBjUi1Qd5GiRIfW). If you want only Trek's awesome intros, there's a [separate playlist for that](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4eq2DPpyBbmrQSORHoiTBNapQX2Hqu0C). 🥁

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Talk Video: Visual Regression Testing Made Easy 📺](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d0ZCJNeybbs)

[@patocallaghan](www.github.com/patocallaghan) gave a lightning talk on “Visual Regression Testing Made Easy” at the April 2019 DublinJS Meetup. In his talk, Pat used [Percy](https://percy.io/) to scale testing visual regressions from manually doing them to having it automated. This was useful to us by picking up potential CSS bugs, removing certain types of tests, and making large refactoring and migrations easier since we can check the live result rather easily. “Styles can sometimes make bad things happen,” Percy helps give you confidence when you make big changes.

Check out the [full lightning talk video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d0ZCJNeybbs) just published this week!
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Contributors' Corner 👏](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💖</p>

---

## [Got a Question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [#embertimes 📰](https://blog.emberjs.com/tags/newsletter.html) 

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

Keep on top of what's been going on in Emberland this week by subscribing to our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/)! You can also find our posts on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html).

---

That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

Chris Ng, Sean Massa, Amy Lam, the crowd and the Learning Team
