source/2019-08-16-the-ember-times-issue-111.md, before:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 111
author: Amy Lam, Jessica Jordan, Isaac Lee, the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2019
alias : "blog/2019/08/16-the-ember-times-issue-111.html"
responsive: true
---

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>
This week:
...
learn how to write async-aware tests 🕰️,
there's a new Zoey on the block 📷,
...
outer HTML semantics on the Crash Log Podcast 🎙,
and last, but not least,
...!

---

## [Settle Down; Ember's Test Framework Has Your Async Covered 🕰️](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/settle-down-embers-test-framework-has-your-async-covered-calvert/)

"The Ember community has spent a lot of time thinking about how to make your tests easy to write, dependable, and most importantly, **async aware**." It's easy in Ember to ensure that your synchronous tests wait for asynchronous actions to complete. 💎

[@scalvert](https://github.com/scalvert) gives a great overview of how the [`settled`](https://github.com/emberjs/ember-test-helpers/blob/master/addon-test-support/@ember/test-helpers/settled.ts) helper plays a pivotal role. Thanks to `settled`, the test helpers that we use every day⁠—`render`, `click`, `visit`, and `triggerEvent`⁠—know when async operations have completed. We can also use `settled` directly to complete an async operation that [`@ember/test-helpers`](https://github.com/emberjs/ember-test-helpers) doesn't manage.

The author also covers 2 additional tools that help us write async-aware tests:

- [ember-test-waiters](https://github.com/rwjblue/ember-test-waiters), to mark the start and end of an async operation that `@ember/test-helpers` doesn't manage
- [test isolation validation](https://github.com/emberjs/ember-qunit/blob/master/docs/TEST_ISOLATION_VALIDATION.md), to detect async leakage in tests

So what are you *waiting* for? Learn how you can write async-aware tests in Ember today!

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)

<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>

<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

<!--alex disable king-queen-->
## [New Empress Zoey 📷](https://twitter.com/melaniersumner/status/1156652744092069888)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right extra-small transparent padded" alt="Empress Zoey" title="Empress Zoey" src="/images/tomsters/empress.png" />

  <p>You might recall that we wrote about <a href="https://github.com/mansona">@mansona</a>
  's talk on <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WL66D0bR0RQ&feature=youtu.be&t=780">Empress</a>
  , Ember's static site/JAMStack product, <a href="https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/2019/08/09/issue-110">last week</a>
  . Hopefully, you'll be inspired to build your own <a href="https://github.com/empress/empress-blog">empress-blog</a>
   template even if you only know HTML and CSS. <strong>But wait, there's more!</strong></p>

  <p>Empress now has a <a href="https://emberjs.com/mascot">Zoey mascot</a> of its own, joining a fabulous crowd of Zoeys and Tomsters. Check out <a href="https://github.com/empress">Empress on GitHub</a>.</p>
  <!--alex enable king-queen-->  
</div>

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)

<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>

<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)

<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>

<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)

<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>

<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)

<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>

<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)

<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>

<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

<!-- alex ignore crash -->
## [Learn about HTML Scopes and Fastboot Complexity with the Crash Log Podcast 🎙](https://crashlog.transistor.fm/episodes/episode-6)

One of Ember Octane's most prominent and exciting features - [Glimmer Components](https://emberjs.github.io/rfcs/0416-glimmer-components.html) - approaches HTML semantics of components in a new way: In contrast to traditional components, Glimmer components default to **outer HTML semantics**, meaning, whichever root HTML element you see declared in your component's template file, is what you're going to get rendered in the DOM.

<!-- alex ignore crash -->
In the latest [episode on the Crash Log Podcast](https://crashlog.transistor.fm/episodes/episode-6) you can now tune into an interesting discussion about the meaning of outer HTML semantics in Glimmer Components and how it affects developer ergonomics. Your podcast presenters [@knownasilya](https://twitter.com/knownasilya) and [@davewasmer](https://twitter.com/davewasmer) will also chat about [Splatattributes](https://emberjs.github.io/rfcs/0435-modifier-splattributes.html) and how you can measure and investigate your app's performance when using **Fasboot**.

<!-- alex ignore crash -->
Listen to the full episode on [the Crash Log Podcast website](https://crashlog.transistor.fm/episodes/episode-6)!

---

## [Contributors' Corner 👏](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💖</p>

---

## [Got a Question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [#embertimes 📰](https://blog.emberjs.com/tags/newsletter.html)

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

Keep on top of what's been going on in Emberland this week by subscribing to our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/)! You can also find our posts on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html).

---

That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

Amy Lam, Jessica Jordan, Isaac Lee, the crowd and the Learning Team

Commit message:

docs(embertimes111): ember table 2.0 release (#238)
* docs(embertimes111): ember table 2.0 release

* Update source/2019-08-16-the-ember-times-issue-111.md

Co-Authored-By: Isaac Lee <16869656+ijlee2@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update source/2019-08-16-the-ember-times-issue-111.md

Co-Authored-By: Isaac Lee <16869656+ijlee2@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update source/2019-08-16-the-ember-times-issue-111.md

Co-Authored-By: Isaac Lee <16869656+ijlee2@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update source/2019-08-16-the-ember-times-issue-111.md

Co-Authored-By: Jessica Jordan <jessica.jordan.fe.dev@gmail.com>

source/2019-08-16-the-ember-times-issue-111.md, after:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 111
author: Chris Ng, Amy Lam, Jessica Jordan, Isaac Lee, the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2019
alias : "blog/2019/08/16-the-ember-times-issue-111.html"
responsive: true
---

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>
This week:
...
learn how to write async-aware tests 🕰️,
there's a new Zoey on the block 📷,
...
outer HTML semantics on the Crash Log Podcast 🎙,
and last, but not least,
release of Ember Table 2.0!,
...!

---

## [Settle Down; Ember's Test Framework Has Your Async Covered 🕰️](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/settle-down-embers-test-framework-has-your-async-covered-calvert/)

"The Ember community has spent a lot of time thinking about how to make your tests easy to write, dependable, and most importantly, **async aware**." It's easy in Ember to ensure that your synchronous tests wait for asynchronous actions to complete. 💎

[@scalvert](https://github.com/scalvert) gives a great overview of how the [`settled`](https://github.com/emberjs/ember-test-helpers/blob/master/addon-test-support/@ember/test-helpers/settled.ts) helper plays a pivotal role. Thanks to `settled`, the test helpers that we use every day⁠—`render`, `click`, `visit`, and `triggerEvent`⁠—know when async operations have completed. We can also use `settled` directly to complete an async operation that [`@ember/test-helpers`](https://github.com/emberjs/ember-test-helpers) doesn't manage.

The author also covers 2 additional tools that help us write async-aware tests:

- [ember-test-waiters](https://github.com/rwjblue/ember-test-waiters), to mark the start and end of an async operation that `@ember/test-helpers` doesn't manage
- [test isolation validation](https://github.com/emberjs/ember-qunit/blob/master/docs/TEST_ISOLATION_VALIDATION.md), to detect async leakage in tests

So what are you *waiting* for? Learn how you can write async-aware tests in Ember today!

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)

<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>

<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

<!--alex disable king-queen-->
## [New Empress Zoey 📷](https://twitter.com/melaniersumner/status/1156652744092069888)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right extra-small transparent padded" alt="Empress Zoey" title="Empress Zoey" src="/images/tomsters/empress.png" />

  <p>You might recall that we wrote about <a href="https://github.com/mansona">@mansona</a>
  's talk on <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WL66D0bR0RQ&feature=youtu.be&t=780">Empress</a>
  , Ember's static site/JAMStack product, <a href="https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/2019/08/09/issue-110">last week</a>
  . Hopefully, you'll be inspired to build your own <a href="https://github.com/empress/empress-blog">empress-blog</a>
   template even if you only know HTML and CSS. <strong>But wait, there's more!</strong></p>

  <p>Empress now has a <a href="https://emberjs.com/mascot">Zoey mascot</a> of its own, joining a fabulous crowd of Zoeys and Tomsters. Check out <a href="https://github.com/empress">Empress on GitHub</a>.</p>
  <!--alex enable king-queen-->  
</div>

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)

<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>

<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)

<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>

<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)

<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>

<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)

<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>

<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## [Ember Table 2.0 Release 🎉](https://medium.com/build-addepar/ember-table-2-0-release-5b91903f3e34)

[Ember Table 2.0](https://github.com/Addepar/ember-table) (“ET2”) has been rewritten from the ground up to be even more performant and flexible to use cases and was officially launched! [Ember Table 1.0](https://github.com/Addepar/ember-table-legacy) has been renamed to “ember-table-legacy” to avoid confusion.

Some key features that ET2 provides:

- fixed headers, footers, and columns
- column resizing and reordering
- ability to render thousands of rows performantly via occlusion rendering (leveraging [vertical-collection](https://github.com/html-next/vertical-collection))
- compatibility with Ember versions 1.13 through 3.10, with a progressively improved API

Questions or comments? Read the [Ember Table docs](https://opensource.addepar.com/ember-table/docs/), file an issue on [GitHub](https://github.com/Addepar/ember-table), or join us in the #topic-tables channel in the [community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS)!

---

<!-- alex ignore crash -->
## [Learn about HTML Scopes and Fastboot Complexity with the Crash Log Podcast 🎙](https://crashlog.transistor.fm/episodes/episode-6)

One of Ember Octane's most prominent and exciting features - [Glimmer Components](https://emberjs.github.io/rfcs/0416-glimmer-components.html) - approaches HTML semantics of components in a new way: In contrast to traditional components, Glimmer components default to **outer HTML semantics**, meaning, whichever root HTML element you see declared in your component's template file, is what you're going to get rendered in the DOM.

<!-- alex ignore crash -->
In the latest [episode on the Crash Log Podcast](https://crashlog.transistor.fm/episodes/episode-6) you can now tune into an interesting discussion about the meaning of outer HTML semantics in Glimmer Components and how it affects developer ergonomics. Your podcast presenters [@knownasilya](https://twitter.com/knownasilya) and [@davewasmer](https://twitter.com/davewasmer) will also chat about [Splatattributes](https://emberjs.github.io/rfcs/0435-modifier-splattributes.html) and how you can measure and investigate your app's performance when using **Fasboot**.

<!-- alex ignore crash -->
Listen to the full episode on [the Crash Log Podcast website](https://crashlog.transistor.fm/episodes/episode-6)!

---

## [Contributors' Corner 👏](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💖</p>

---

## [Got a Question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [#embertimes 📰](https://blog.emberjs.com/tags/newsletter.html)

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

Keep on top of what's been going on in Emberland this week by subscribing to our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/)! You can also find our posts on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html).

---

That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

Chris Ng, Amy Lam, Jessica Jordan, Isaac Lee, the crowd and the Learning Team
