source/2019-07-12-the-ember-times-issue-106.md, before:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 106
author: Isaac Lee, the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2019
alias : "blog/2019/07/12-the-ember-times-issue-106.html"
responsive: true
---

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

This week:

find out how Ember Data has been repackaged in 3.11 📦,

---

## [Ember Data Repackaged in 3.11 📦](https://emberjs.github.io/rfcs/0395-ember-data-packages.html)

Starting with Ember 3.11, Ember Data will be shipped as a **collection of small packages** under the namespace `@ember-data`. This helps you import only the packages that you need, identify the API that you can replace, and know where to start if you want to contribute to Ember Data. 🎉

Say hello to the new import syntax:

```
import Model, { attr, belongsTo, hasMany } from '@ember-data/model';
```

Previous styles of import will be deprecated in a future release. Don't worry. Before that happens, a codemod and lint rules will be available to help you migrate your code.

We encourage you to learn today about [Ember Data packages in 3.11](https://emberjs.github.io/rfcs/0395-ember-data-packages.html) and the exciting plan to [use Embroider to tree-shake Ember Data](https://github.com/emberjs/data/issues/6166).

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Contributors' Corner 👏](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💖</p>

---

## [Got a Question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [#embertimes 📰](https://blog.emberjs.com/tags/newsletter.html) 

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

Keep on top of what's been going on in Emberland this week by subscribing to our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/)! You can also find our posts on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html).

---

That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

Isaac Lee, the crowd and the Learning Team

Commit message:

blog(embertimes106): ember octane fundamentals MN (#184)

source/2019-07-12-the-ember-times-issue-106.md, after:

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 106
author: Isaac Lee, Chris Ng, the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2019
alias : "blog/2019/07/12-the-ember-times-issue-106.html"
responsive: true
---

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

This week:

find out how Ember Data has been repackaged in 3.11 📦,
A tutorial to learn how to build an Ember Octane PWA from scratch 🐹,

---

## [Ember Data Repackaged in 3.11 📦](https://emberjs.github.io/rfcs/0395-ember-data-packages.html)

Starting with Ember 3.11, Ember Data will be shipped as a **collection of small packages** under the namespace `@ember-data`. This helps you import only the packages that you need, identify the API that you can replace, and know where to start if you want to contribute to Ember Data. 🎉

Say hello to the new import syntax:

```
import Model, { attr, belongsTo, hasMany } from '@ember-data/model';
```

Previous styles of import will be deprecated in a future release. Don't worry. Before that happens, a codemod and lint rules will be available to help you migrate your code.

We encourage you to learn today about [Ember Data packages in 3.11](https://emberjs.github.io/rfcs/0395-ember-data-packages.html) and the exciting plan to [use Embroider to tree-shake Ember Data](https://github.com/emberjs/data/issues/6166).

---

## [Tutorial: Ember Octane Fundamentals 🐹](https://twitter.com/michaellnorth/status/1148631049141751813)

[@mike-north](https://github.com/mike-north) published a [new training video series on Frontend Masters](https://frontendmasters.com/courses/ember-octane/) on Ember Octane Fundamentals. If you are not a subscriber to Frontend Masters or prefer written instructions, there are [detailed written instructions hosted in GitHub](https://github.com/mike-north/ember-octane-workshop/tree/master/notes)!

Starting with regular HTML and CSS and going through hands-on experience working with glimmer components, tracked properties, actions, and modifiers – the Ember Octane Fundamentals training provides detailed steps in creating your own server-rendered chat application.

What’s even better is that since this is licensed under the BSD-2-Clause, you can feel free to use this material to conduct workshops in your own groups! Just make sure to give some feedback to [@mike-north](https://github.com/mike-north)!

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>
  
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">
  
---

## [Contributors' Corner 👏](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/)

<p>This week we'd like to thank our siblings for their contributions to Ember and related repositories! 💖</p>

---

## [Got a Question? Ask Readers' Questions! 🤓](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScqu7Lw_9cIkRtAiXKitgkAo4xX_pV1pdCfMJgIr6Py1V-9Og/viewform)

<div class="blog-row">
  <img class="float-right small transparent padded" alt="Office Hours Tomster Mascot" title="Readers' Questions" src="/images/tomsters/officehours.png" />

  <p>Wondering about something related to Ember, Ember Data, Glimmer, or addons in the Ember ecosystem, but don't know where to ask? Readers’ Questions are just for you!</p>

<p><strong>Submit your own</strong> short and sweet <strong>question</strong> under <a href="https://bit.ly/ask-ember-core" target="rq">bit.ly/ask-ember-core</a>. And don’t worry, there are no silly questions, we appreciate them all - promise! 🤞</p>

</div>

---

## [#embertimes 📰](https://blog.emberjs.com/tags/newsletter.html) 

Want to write for the Ember Times? Have a suggestion for next week's issue? Join us at [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS) or ping us [@embertimes](https://twitter.com/embertimes) on Twitter.

Keep on top of what's been going on in Emberland this week by subscribing to our [e-mail newsletter](https://the-emberjs-times.ongoodbits.com/)! You can also find our posts on the [Ember blog](https://emberjs.com/blog/tags/newsletter.html).

---

That's another wrap! ✨

Be kind,

Isaac Lee, Chris Ng, the crowd and the Learning Team
